My people have a strict policy of non-interference with other cultures. In fact, it's our Prime Directive.
It's not our custom to have guests here at all, let alone hold anyone against their will.
We were under the impression they were being held against their will.
Bye.
I have to go home now.
It is safer there. I will join you shortly.
No... I want to stay with you...
Tournel will take you the rest of the way...
Anij!
If you want to know 'what it's like to be a child', you need to learn how to play...
No one's ever asked me that before.
Why not...?
Androids... don't have...fun.
Data... haven't you ever just played... for fun?
But I can run much faster than you... I am capable of exceeding forty-seven meters per second...
Because you're it. And if you tag me... then I'm it.
For what purpose?
Chase me!
No, I mean...
I play the violin... and my chess routines are quite advanced...
Do machines ever play?
I would gladly accept the requirement of a bedtime in exchange for knowing what it is like to be a child.
But you've never had adults telling you what to do all the time... or bedtimes... or having to eat food you don't like...
My legs are eighty-seven-point- two centimeters. They were eighty-seven-point-two centimeters the day I was created. They will be eighty- seven-point-two centimeters the day I go off line. My operation depends on specifications that do not change.  I... cannot imagine... the experience of growing up or even tripping over my own feet...
Sometimes I do.
But they are in a constant state of growth. Do you find it difficult to adapt?  A child's specifications are never the same from one moment to the next. I am surprised that you do not... trip over your own feet.
For one thing, your legs are shorter than everyone else's.
Really.
Really?
Perhaps it would surprise you to know that I have often tried to imagine what it would be like to be a child...
I can't imagine what it would be like to be a machine.
My power cells continually re- charge themselves.
Don't you ever get tired?
Perhaps, that is true.
I know why.  So people like us won't be afraid of you any more.
I aspire to be more than I am.
Not everyone here agrees with him. I mean, you know, about machines. There was even a big fight about it once.  Do you like being a machine?
I don't.
I understand.
My father told me I shouldn't talk to you.
I am better.
You're what?
There is no need for concern. I am operating within normal parameters now.
If not for Data, you'd probably have been re-located by now.
The artificial lifeform was right?
To many offlanders, what you have here would be more valuable than gold-pressed latinum.  And I'm afraid it's the reason that someone is trying to take this world away from you.
No.
Won't he rust?
Data doesn't breathe.
Can he breathe under water?
Very good, Doctor. Picard out.
Not at all. They're fine... in fact, they're better than fine. Increased metabolism, high energy, improved muscle tone. We should all be so lucky.
Are they in any danger?
They all have slightly elevated levels of endorphin production... probably the result of the environmental anomalies here...
And our people?
Captain, the Son'a hostages declined to be examined. I had them confined to quarters.
Safer than leaving her here.
Is it safe to move her?
She's stabilizing.
Yes. But look at this medscan...
Will he live?
They should be quarantined before joining the ship's population.
Prepare to transport the 'hostages' to the ship...
Your Captain used to cut quite a rug...
Very funny...
Sure it is. And your hair is still chestnut brown.
'Yew-cheen chef-faw'... My collar size is exactly the same as it was at the Academy.
You either need a new uniform or a new neck.
I believe it is safe, sir.
Will the structure hold if we blast through?
I'm showing fresh air  behind this calcite formation, Captain...
Another forty-three people reported taken, sir...
How many?
Good. Let's begin to move these people out...
Captain, I've activated transport inhibitors around the village...
I don't know.
Why would the Federation or the Son'a wish to move the Ba'ku?
What possible purpose could a duplicate village have except... to deceive the Ba'ku...
... it is conceivable I was shot to protect the secret of its existence.
What you're seeing is a computer driven image created by photons and forcefields...
Incomplete, I might add.
'Just a few loose ends to tie up.'
It is clearly Federation in origin, Captain.
A ship,
How about a passive radiation scan?
Tricorder functions are limited due to heavy deposits of kelbonite in these hills...
And I do not believe I made a very good first impression.
Until this week, that young man probably never saw a  machine, let alone one that walks and talks...
... I am the personification of everything they have rejected.
It's nothing personal data. You have to remember these people have rejected technology. And you...
I believe the boy is... afraid... of me.
I was in an isolation suit collecting physiometric data on Ba'ku children. My last memory is going into the hills, following a boy...
From the mission...
'his nose should pant and his lip should curl...'
What's the last thing you remember, Data...
Yes... that looks like them.
You're aboard the Enterprise.
Captain, Geordi...?
Hello, Data...
If you begin the procedure while the planet is still populated, the Federation will pursue you until...
I do not take orders from you.
It is over.
It is not over.
We're taking this ship out of here... this mission is over...
In six hours, every living thing in this system will be dead or dying.
You're not going to launch anything until...
Picard's first officer. Do you really believe he'll listen?
I'll order Riker to turn around.
Federation support, Federation procedures, Federation rules... look in the mirror, Admiral... the Federation is old... in the last twenty four months, it's been challenged by every major power in the quadrant -- the Borg, the Cardassians, the Dominion... they all smell the scent of death on the Federation. That's why you've embraced our offer... because it will give your dear Federation new life. Well, how badly do you want it, Admiral? Because there are hard choices to be made now. If the Enterprise gets through with news about their brave Captain's valiant struggle on behalf of the defenseless Ba'ku, your Federation politicians will waver, your Federation opinion polls will open a public debate, your Federation allies will want their say... need I go on?
That is not an acceptable option. If people get hurt, all the support we have in the Federation...
Talk... we should send down an assault team and take them by force.
Take me down. Let me talk to Picard.
He's right. Our shields have been upgraded to protect against the environmental anomalies...
It isn't safe for you to remain in this area.
I know what Data means to Starfleet, Jean-Luc... but our crew is at the mercy of those people on the planet...
Your android has turned dangerously violent, Captain... Considerable damage was done to my ship. He must be destroyed.
I prefer to wait until we can share the benefits with all the people of the Federation...
Your self-restraint puzzles me, Admiral. You continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer...
Another time.
Take us into a high orbit.  Lie down, Admiral. The girls will take twenty years off your face...
Planet's population. Six hundred people. You want to avoid unnecessary risks? Next time leave your android home.
Our procedures were in place to protect the planet's population from unnecessary risk...
Your Federation procedures have made this mission ten times as difficult as it needed to be...
There's nothing further to be gained from this...
I wonder... which one of us will be facing that court-martial...
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it.
Order them to surrender, and I promise you won't be court- martialed.
How many people would it take... before it becomes wrong? A thousand? Fifty thousand. A million?
We are only moving six hundred people, Jean-Luc.
We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded... this is an attack on the very soul of the Federation.  This will destroy the Ba'ku. Just as cultures have been destroyed in every other forced relocation throughout history.
The Ba'ku.
It would take ten years of normal exposure to begin to reverse their condition. Some of them won't survive that long. Besides, they don't want to live in the middle of The Briar Patch... who would?
Then the Son'a can establish a separate colony on this planet until we do...
Our best scientific minds already have. We can't find any other way to do this.
Delay the procedure. Let my people look at the technology.
The concentration in the rings is what makes the whole damned thing work. Don't ask me to explain it. I only know they inject something into the rings that starts a thermolytic reaction. After it's over, the planet will be unlivable for generations.
There are metaphasic particles all over The Briar Patch. Why must this planet be...
With metaphasics, lifespans will be doubled... an entire new medical science will evolve...  I understand your Chief Engineer has the use of his eyes for the first time in his life... would you take his sight away from him?
Someone probably said the same thing about the Romulans a century ago.
On Earth, petroleum once turned petty thugs into world leaders. Warp drive transformed a bunch of Romulan thugs into an empire. We can handle the Son'a, I'm not worried about that...
Our partners are nothing more than petty thugs.
Right. We have the planet and they have the technology -- a technology we can't duplicate. You know what that makes us? Their partners.
A planet in Federation space...
There are six hundred people down there. We'll be able to use the regenerative properties of this radiation to help billions.  The Son'a have developed a procedure to collect the metaphasic particles form the planets rings...
Who are we to decide the next course of evolution for these people?
The Prime Directive doesn't apply. These people are not indigenous to this world. They were never meant to be immortal. We'll simply be restoring their natural evolution.
How can there be an order to abandon the Prime Directive...?
I'm acting on orders form the Federation Council.
... or understand that they were participating in the outright theft of a world.  I won't let you move them, Admiral. I'll go to the Federation Council...
That's why we put chromodynamic shields in place - so our people wouldn't feel the effects from the metaphasic radiation...
Your "Briar Patch" turned out to be more hospitable than I expected.
You're looking well, Jean-Luc. Rested.
Just a few loose ends to tie up. Dougherty out.
You're not finished here?
I'll need all your paperwork tomorrow. We're heading back your way. Set a course to rendezvous with us so you can transfer the crew and equipment on your way out.
In stasis. La Forge is completing the diagnostic.
You've done a terrific job, Jean- Luc. Now, pack your bags and get the hell out of there. How's Data?
... and because they have warp capabilities, the consequences to their society are minimal...
Good luck. Dougherty out.
Understood.
All right. You have twelve hours, Captain. Then I want you out of The Briar Patch. In the meantime, we'll be heading out to the perimeter to call for Son'a reinforcements in case you fail.
Sir, Commander Worf and I have been working on several tactical plans to safely...
I wish I had better news. Commander Data attacked us in the mission scout ship yesterday. Ru'afo and I have decided to send in an assault team...
This was too important for the Enterprise to be on the sidelines, Admiral...
Captain, I wasn't expecting you.
We haven't fully identified the anomalies yet. They're calling this whole area The Briar Patch... it took us a day to reach a location where we could get a signal out to you. Just get me Data's schematics. I'll keep you informed.  Dougherty out.
What kind of concerns?
That's probably not a good idea. Your ship hasn't been fitted for this region; there are environmental concerns...
The Enterprise can be at your position in two days, Admiral...
... And now he's holding our people hostage down there...
You have no idea what precipitated his behavior?
Scan for lifesigns.
The countdown control has been transferred to the collector...I can't override...
What if he doesn't realize something's happening...  Can you get me to a transmitter? I have to speak with Worf and Data on the surface... we'll need their help...
It doesn't matter where he is. As soon as he realizes something is happening, he'll override my commands with one word at his com- link...
If we could lure him away from the bridge...
But I would need at least three minutes on the bridge.
Do you know how to disable the injector?
What you're asking me to do... is impossible... the crew is loyal to Ru'afo...
I'm not begging for my life. I'm begging for yours.  There is still a way home, Gal'na.
Is this how a Federation officer begs for his life?
A coward... without the moral courage to stop an unspeakable atrocity. You offend me.
Thank-you for reminding me.
The shields in that section won't protect them against the thermolytic reaction...
Separate the Starfleet personnel and secure them in the aft cargo hold... see that Picard joins them...
No one hated them more than you, Gal'na.  We've come a long way together. This is the moment we've planned for so many years...
Moving them is one thing. Killing them all...
Deploy the collector.
May I talk to you alone?
Admiral Dougherty will not be joining us for diner. Deploy the collector.  Do you have a problem with those orders?
We'd have to tag every one of them... that would take time... and we don't have it. The Enterprise is only nineteen hours from communications range with the Federation...
There is an alternative to an all- out assault. Isolinear tags would allow our transporters to lock on to them.
Recommendations?
They're following the kelbonite deposits... using the interference to block our transporters...
We're not waiting until morning... take the shuttles and get everyone off the surface tonight.
Sir, as the Enterprise left orbit, one of their support craft went down to the surface.  It appeared to be the Captain's Yacht. Five persons on board.
The injector performs perfectly in every simulation...
I'm sure. Just don't forget what they did to us.  We'll have them rounded up in a day or two... we needn't bother with the Federation holo-ship any more. Just get the holding cells ready.
No, sir. But it wasn't easy... being among them...
Gallatin! So the righteous Starfleet Captain finally released you. Did you encounter any problems on the surface?
It may not last after we leave. If not, I just wanted, before we go...  I've never actually seen a sunrise.
... had regenerated.
Funniest thing, Captain. There wasn't anything wrong with my implants. There was something right with my eyes. When Doctor Crusher removed the ocular connections, she found the cells around my optic nerves...
It's nothing. I'm just tired.
Implants bothering you?
And yet he attacked us. And told the Ba'ku we were a threat...
In a sense, that's all he knew. The system is designed to protect him against anyone who might try to take advantage of his memory loss.
So, you're saying he still knew the difference between right and wrong.
His ethical and moral subroutines took over all of his basic functions...
Fail-safe?
All I know is that he was functioning normally until he was shot. Then, his fail-safe system was activated...
Why would they fire at him without provocation?
I don't believe it happened that way.
The Son'a reports claim they didn't fire until after he malfunctioned.
By a Son'a weapon.  There's no doubt about it, sir. That's what made Data malfunction.
Do you know how they were damaged?
I took these out of Data's neural net... they contain memory engrams...
When I was an ensign, I could detect a three-micron mis- alignment...
The torque sensors are out of alignment... by twelve microns... you could hear that?
Do you have everything you need from command?
We're about to lose communications with Starfleet, Captain.
Are they...?
They... are in opposite directions, sir...
I want our guests to depart as quickly a etiquette allows. I'll ask Worf to delay his return to DS9 so he can join us. We're going to stop by sector four-four- one on our way to the Goren system.
Detonating the warp core might neutralize the cascade... but then again it might not. Subspace weapons are unpredictable. That's why they were banned.
That's your expert opinion?
You got me, Commander.
Will that stop the tear?
I'll be in Engineering.
If we don't outrun them, the manifolds are going to be the only thing left of this ship.
The manifold can't handle full impulse in the Patch, Commander.
Full impulse.
I think it's the universal greeting when you don't like someone.
A photon torpedo.  Isn't that the universal greeting when communications are down?
Even if it doesn't, they'll be teaching kids as the Academy not to do this for years to come.
If it works you mean.
I wouldn't be surprised if history remembers this as the Riker Maneuver...
The purpose being...?
Negative. I want to use the ramscoop to collect as much of it as we can...
Aye, sir. Highly volatile...I recommend we keep our distance...
Eject the core.
Options?
We're pulling it like a zipper across space...
It's our only way out of here, Mister Nara.
Commander, if one of their weapons hits that gas...
The purpose being I intend to shove it down the Son'a's throat.
Eject the core.
The tear is closing on us... impact in fifteen seconds...
On screen.
Sir, they've detonated an isolytic burst... a subspace tear is forming...
Why not?
I don't think they believe us.
Blow out the ramscoop. Stand by full thrusters.
They're powering their forward weapons array.
We're through running from these bastards.
We're still thirty-six minutes from transmission range, sir.
Remind me to lodge a protest...
I thought subspace weapons were banned by the Khitomer Accord...
Yes, we do.  You're relieved, Ensign. Take over at Ops.
Cometary debris, pockets of unstable metreon gas... we don't want to go in there, sir...
What's inside that nebula cluster?
Eighteen minutes...
How long 'til they reach us?
Commander, I'm showing two Son'a ships on an intercept course.
Top level review, my ass. There'll be no cover-up of this. Not after I get...
The Council has ordered a halt to the Ba'ku relocation while they conduct a top-level review.
Fat chance. I'll post it on every monitor on the ship...
There's a short letter I left you all, just some... sentimental nonsense... the computer will bring it to your attention at oh- four-hundred... I'd just as soon you delete it...
Go back to your quarters  That's an order.
You must be planning on doing some hunting.
Aye, sir.
Prepare the ship for departure at oh-seven-hundred hours.
You Klingons never do anything small, do you...
Deck five.
We're not going anywhere.
Admiral Dougherty wants to know why we haven't left yet...
The only unusual readings were low levels of metaphasic radiation from interstellar dust across the region...
So where are the 'environmental concerns' the Admiral was talking about?
Nothing dangerous turned up in the astrometric survey...
We won't be able to go any faster than one-third impulse in that muck...
... and gorgonzolla cheese.
Commander Riker...
Who is it?
Deck ten.
'Yew-cheen chef-faw.'
... so they need us to put out one more brush fire.  Anyone remember when we used to be explorers?
The Diplomatic Corps is busy with Dominion negotiations.
We can't delay the archaeological expedition to Hanoran Two. It would put us into the middle of monsoon season...
They need us to mediate some territorial dispute...
I'm afraid there's too much bitterness... on both sides.
Ask them.
I wish there was a way to bring them back home.
Actually, I was a good deal older when we arrived... in terms of my physical condition.
You've not aged a day since then?
We came here from a solar system on the verge of self- annihilation... where technology had created weapons that threatened to destroy all life. A small group of us set off to find a new home... a home that would be isolated from the threats of other worlds.  That was three hundred and nine years ago.
As you wish. But I would ask you to disarm yourselves. This village is a sanctuary of life.
No, we're here to... rescue them.
Would you like something to eat?
Jean-Luc Picard... my officers Doctor Crusher and Counselor Troi.
My name is Sojef, Captain.
I understand. Tell Doctor Crusher to have a hypospray of lectrazine ready...
We're coming as fast as we can... we can't risk using phasers...
Worf, you must hurry...
We're trying to get to you, sir...
Yes... yes, I... can hear you...
Worf to Picard...
We'll skip the court martial this time... Picard out.
I... I must have slept through my alarm. I'm on my way...
Slow to impulse. We're on our way.
Bridge to Captain Picard. We are approaching sector four-four-one.
Is there any other way to disable the injector?
Negative. He's established a security field around the control room...
Can you beam him off?
One. It's Ru'afo.
Decloak the holo-ship and engage a tractor beam, Mister Worf.
All injector sub-systems are confirmed off-line.
We have to find shelter...
Isolinear tags. Their transporters can lock onto them.
Very well. We'll take an hour. Break out some rations...
The Ba'ku could use some rest, sir. According to the geo-scan, this may be the safest area for the next few kilometers...
Accelerated hair growth is often experienced by Klingons during Jak'tahla...
You need a haircut, Commander.
No. We'll be responsible for that, Mister Worf.
Should I distribute phasers to the Ba'ku, sir...?
Picard to Crusher...
Doctor Crusher asked to talk to you when you returned...
Gorch?
No, sir. It is a gorch.
Debrief them again.  Have you been in a fight, Commander?
No, sir...
Did any of the hostages mention a cloaked ship during their debriefings?
Transferring controls to manual.
The damping sequencer was damaged by phaser fire!
I'm not letting go of him.
Sir, inertial coupling is exceeding tolerance... if we don't release him, he may destroy both vessels...
They're composers, Worf, from the nineteenth century. Data was rehearsing a part in H.M.S. Pinafore before he left...  "A British tar is a soaring soul, As free as a mountain bird, His energetic first should be ready to resist A dictatorial word..."
No, sir. I haven't had a chance to meet all the new crew members since I've been back...
Do you know Gilbert and Sullivan?
Evasive maneuvers... heading one- four-zero mark three-one...
Scanners are off line!
Prepare to enter the atmosphere... we'll use the ionospheric boundary to shake him...
He's activated a transport inhibitor.
Beam him out!
Direct hit. He's resetting his shield harmonics...
Make it so.
Sir, if we fire a tachyon burst, it may force him to reset his shield harmonics. When he does, we could beam him out...
Hmm? Oh, it's just something my mother used to...
Sir?
Come out, come out wherever you are...
The metaphasic radiation in those rings is in a state of extreme flux. Steer clear of them, Mister Worf...
He might be using the planet's rings to mask his approach.
Transmit a wide band co-variant signal. That'll get his attention.
Sensors are not picking up any ships coming from the surface...
It's good to have you back, Worf.  Slow to one-third. Take us in.
I've already modified a tricorder with one of his spare actuation servos. Its operational range is only seven meters but it should shut him down...
Worf, what the hell are you doing here?
Captain...
They have an incredible clarity of perception, Captain. I've never encountered a species with such mental discipline...
Counselor?
You have two days to become experts... Mister Worf, your job and mine will be to find a plan to safely capture Data.
We've downloaded all the files on the duck blind mission as well as intelligence reports on the Son'a.
Better have the chef whip up a light balsamic vinaigrette... something that goes well with chrysanthemums...
Oh, my God, are they vegetarians? That's not in here...
Yew-cheen chef-faw... emphasis on the 'cheen' and the 'faw'...
Say the greeting again...
... Population three hundred million...
And have you noticed how your boobs have started to firm up?
All hands. Battle stations!
I never kissed you with a beard before.
Augh?
Augh.
On this ship, anything can happen. And usually does.
What I need, I can't get from Doctor Crusher...  Counselor, do you think it's possible for two people to go back in time to fix a mistake they've made?
... Doctor Crusher has something that'll take care of that...
... I'm not sleeping well...
... I believe you...
Both.  I think I'm having a mid-life crisis...
You're in quite a mood today.
Or you could try lying down.
Why don't you try sitting up?
But it's comfortable.
This isn't one of the usual therapeutic postures...
Whatever makes you comfortable...
Got a minute? I... need a little counseling.  First time for everything. Do I... lie down... or what?
Come in.  Hi.
If that's true, they're a dying race.
No children?
It says here that some form of genetic damage has apparently prevented the Son'a from procreating...
Was I doing something to your neck?
What you're doing to my neck...
What...?
You haven't done that in a long time...
Good question.
Why would we be involved with these people?
You're in luck... it says here they've taken women from several races as indentured servants.
Hmm, I should feel right at home with them...
Nomadic, collectors of precious metals, jewels...
You should feel right at home with them.
Wine, women and song.
What are they interested in...?
I don't see anything to suggest the Son'a have any interest in sociology...
"Environmental concerns", again. An android could be safely exposed to the elements during the installation of a duck blind...
Why was Data assigned?
The Son'a discovered an M-class planet with humanoid life six months ago. Turned out it's in us to get approval for a sociological study. The Federation Council suggested it be a joint mission...
Isolate one and re-route its command sequence through the auxiliary processor...
They must have been locked and secured after we were beamed here.
This ship is equipped with fourteen long range transporters... are they all useless...?
All ship functions are off-line.
Your scanners must be malfunctioning.
Sir, I am not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels...
Exactly as the simulations predicted...
Activating injector assembly.
Initiate launch sequence.
I look forward to reading your report.
We're fine, sir. It will take some... time to explain.
It's been destroyed. The Borg threat is over.  Are you all right? The Enterprise disappeared from our sensors for a moment.
Admiral... what's the status of the Borg fleet?
Mister Data, set a pursuit course. Maximum warp.
Good hunting. Hayes out.
Absolutely.
The new quantum torpedoes are doing the trick, Jean-Luc. We've destroyed forty-seven Borg ships so far... and only lost fifteen of our own.  But one of the Borg ships has broken through our defenses, and it's heading directly for Earth. Can you handle it?
I'd call them excuses. And the first excuse on both our lists was our "sense of duty." We convinced ourselves that it was more important than anything else. And you know what? It's not.
Beverly, there were many reasons why you and I...
You want some advice? Don't do this again.  You know exactly what I mean.
Regardless of how I may feel about Ruby... our fates lie along different paths. Nothing can change that.
That might not be so bad... at least for you.
If they're not... we'd better get used to living in Montana.
You think they're still up there?
Not yet.
He was so confused by what I was doing, I don't think he even noticed.  Any word from the Enterprise?
How did Doctor Almack react to that?
But I had a little help. Surgical transporter. I used it to beam out most of the bone fragments from his brain.
It was an experience. Metal scalpels... needle and thread...
You actually performed surgery...?
I'll be fine.  He's a different story.
I have to go back to the silo. Will you be all right?
That'll be interesting.
Yes. But until then, you'll have to make do with what you've got.
He's stable... for now.  But it would be better if we could contact... our friends.
Let's hope so. Because if Cochrane dies... the future may die with him.
There must be some good people... even in this time.
I'm saying they might shoot us on sight. You have to remember... these people have watched their entire way of life collapse around them.
Are you saying they won't help us?
It may not be that simple. This is an extremely difficult and paranoid time in human history.
What are we waiting for? Let's go.
As I recall, the town of Resurrection is about two kilometers East of here. They might have a hospital...
Jean-Luc, this man needs medical attention, now.
It's not the radiation... and there's nothing wrong with the combadges... the Enterprise just isn't responding.
I've stabilized him for now... but he's in a coma and he's going to need radiometric therapy. I want to take him to the ship.
It's Cochrane.
Well, why didn't you just say so in the first place?
I'm afraid so. If the Borg succeed in preventing First Contact with the Vulcans... Earth will remain in the Second Dark Age... an easy target when the Borg arrive in the 24th century.
But he's been dead for three hundred...  Oh God... we've gone back in time again, haven't we?
Yes...
Cochrane... the inventor of warp drive?
We're here to find Zephram Cochrane. He may be injured or dead.
Go where? Hello? Is anyone going to tell me what we're doing here?
Montana? Well, that answers everything. Why the hell are we --
Montana.  Energize.
I'm a little worried about some of these bone fragments. If they move any closer to the brain, we could be looking at a hemorrhage.
The occipital fracture is widening... we're going to have to fuse the bones...
Bag him.
His automatic reflexes are fluctuating. We've got to get him on a respirator.
We have two... but we don't have the juice to run them.
Um... yeah.  Now he's going to need a respirator. Do you have one?
Is it Japanese?
At least four hours.
How long has he been unconscious?
Do it.
I believe so.
Can you configure it?
The problem must lie in the interface between Starfleet and Borg technology. Your console may not be configured to handle the data flow.
Your diagnostics are in error. I need weapons.
No.
Vulcan?
There is a perimeter alert. A ship has entered sensor range.
And I need to control this ship. Let me into your mind.
No... no, it's so... empty... please... give it back... I need it...
... is to yourself. Don't make me hurt you again...
Yes... but the Enterprise... my duty...
Isn't it better like this...?
No... no, please... you cannot...
I've deactivated the sensory inputs. That flesh on your body is just meat, now.
Then take the final step... give me the Enterprise... and we can be together... always.
Yes...
A universe of sensation is waiting for you... don't you want to explore it... with me?
I am... grateful for what you have given me. But I still do not wish to be assimilated.
I'm your creator now.
My creator did not intend for me to experience these things.
Have you ever know a woman? Do you know what it's like to feel her breath on your face... her skin against yours... flesh against flesh?
More lies.
I wish to... go back to the way I was.
You're becoming more human all the time, Data. Now you're learning how to lie.
I... do not want this...
Have they given you what I have given you? Did they even try?
That is not true. They have tried to help me.
They're not your friends... they've held you back... kept you from your destiny...
No. I will not betray my friends.
What a cold description... for such a beautiful gift.
It would appear that you are attempting to graft organic skin onto my endo-skeletal structure.
Do you know what this is, Data?
That's because you haven't been properly... stimulated yet.
I do not know what you are referring to.
You've taken your first step toward perfection. How does it feel?
It is impossible to imagine sensations for which I have no frame of reference.
Have you ever wondered what it's like to have flesh?
Intelligence... ambition... desire... I bring order to chaos...
You are the guiding intelligence behind the Borg...?
Today is March second, 2063. The time in Montana is oh-eight-forty- five.
Mister Data, I want to know the exact date and time.  Give me a damage report on that missile silo.
According to our astrometric readings... the year is 2063.
What year is it?
Contact Starfleet Command.
The vortex is collapsing, sir.
Where's the Sphere?
I have helm control.
What?
It has entered Earth orbit.  Correction -- it is not in orbit. It is heading directly toward the surface.
Go to impulse. Where's the Borg ship?
We are approaching the Terran System, Captain.
Ready quantum torpedo.
The Borg ship has modified its shields, Captain. Our phasers will no longer be effective.
Bring us about. Target Borg ship alpha four, port side battery.
Dispersive armor is holding.
I am the beginning... the end. I am the one who is many. I am the Borg.
That is a contradiction. The Borg act as a collective consciousness. There are no individuals.
I am the Borg.
Who are you?
You are an imperfect being... created by an imperfect being. Finding your weakness is only a matter of time.
I am unlike any lifeform you have encountered before. As an android, I am in complete control of my neural net. The information contained there cannot be forcibly removed.
But now... they are all one with the Borg.
I will admit... there are times when I wish I had an emotion chip I could turn on and off.
No. Human beings do not have that luxury, and neither should I.
We still have to make reports on ten more crewmen killed in action. Maybe you should deactivate your emotion chip until we're done.
I am still having difficulty integrating certain emotions into my programming. Grief, loss, remorse...
Data... are you sure you're all right?
Not very well. We met shortly after the Enterprise-E was commissioned. I found her to be a most... promising officer.
Did you know her?
But how?
The planet's surface is covered with Borg technology.  So is the moon... and three other planets in this solar system.
Oh... just a little tinkering. How is he?
What did you do to the batteries?
Outside, around back. Next to the water tank.
Where?
I told you, there's no --
Where's the battery room for the hospital?
Power. There hasn't been a lot of wind through here for the last couple of weeks. Most of the batteries are depleted.
Juice?
Doctor Crusher has been... studying some advanced medical theories.
"APR cell count?" What the hell are you talking about?
We're crossing the threshold!
They're getting awfully close... what the hell are they doing?
Well, I feel a whole lot better with them out there. We may need some help.
Their com system must still be down.
Picard to Enterprise.  Picard to Enterprise -- do you read me?
Captain, the Enterprise!
One minute to warp threshold...
There's no temporal shielding in here! We're starting to pick up relativistic effects!
Speed -- two hundred, seventy-five thousand kilometers per second.
The inertial dampers are having trouble compensating... I don't think Cochrane built this thing for comfort.
I'm on it...
Passing one-half light speed. The starboard nacelle's running a little hot...
<U>Engage.</U>
The nacelles are charged... nuclear warhead standing by. We're ready to ignite the warp drive.
Bring the warp core on-line. I'll lay in a heading.
The Vulcans should be out there right now. We need to break the warp barrier in the next five minutes if we're going to get their attention.
As they used to say... all systems are go.
Ready to deploy the warp nacelles.
Ignore it. We'll be fine.  Prepare for first stage shut-down and separation on my mark...
There's a red light on the second intake valve.
Entering the upper ionospere...
Altitude fifty kilometers...
Solid rocket fuel at twenty-five thousand kilograms...
Get a tricorder. You're going to have to track my exact position in that room...
What's still there?
Then we'll just have to assume it's still there...
No... the door's too thick.
It'll have to wait. Come on.
Captain... we've got less than ten minutes before that Vulcan ship leaves the system. We've got to go <U>now</U>.
This is Picard. I've suspended the launch sequence.
Captain --
She's a very... determined woman.  Phoenix to control. Mister Lange... let her in.
Tell her to go back to Resurrection.
We can't leave her out there. When the ship launches... she'll be killed.
Phoenix to control.  Initiating five minute countdown... mark.
Always am.
Ready to make a little history?
They used copper pipes in their plumbing... so I melted it down... and fused it with some tritanium from one of our phaser casings.  It's not the strongest alloy... but it's better than all this crude aluminum and steel.
Where's you get the alloy for the throttle itself?
If there are other photographs... I think I may know how to find them.
Maybe...  Sure. Yeah. As long as I could get a clear look at the intake configuration. But so far, we haven't found any other photos.
We're tearing this place apart looking for them... but the computers are down, and the fires destroyed half the files...so far, nothing.
We need to launch this ship in under eighteen hours...  There must be some design schematics... blueprints...
Yeah... if I knew what it looked like. There's probably five hundred ways to design a valve like this...
Can you reconstruct the throttle valve?
This used to be the throttle valve assembly.  It controls the thrust of the engines. It's been completely vaporized... and without it, there's no way to launch the ship.
It could be the radiation, Captain. Try from the surface.
Picard to Enterprise.  Enterprise, please respond.
There should be some kind of manual release...
Blast door. It's designed to protect the control room when the missile is launched.
I have the password right here.
Alphanumeric lock. We need a password to get in...
There should be an access hatch nearby...
I'm picking up faint life signs twenty meters below.
Probably from the nuclear warhead. Cochrane was planning to use it to ignite the warp drive.
I'm having trouble scanning underground. There's a lot of radiation leaking from something.
How serious is the damage?
This must be it.
Let's go.
I have the silo, sir. Bearing three one zero... distance, three hundred meters.
Understood. Keep me informed.
Captain, I'm starting to worry about the hull integrity. We've been running the support field at full power for three hours straight. I don't know how much longer it's going to hold up.
Initiate pre-ignition sequence.
Ready.
Main bus...
Active.
ATR setting...
Well, with any luck... the Vulcans will land outside Resurrection tomorrow morning... and Earth will never be the same again.
I've enhanced the plasma injectors -- don't worry, they'll see it.
What about our warp signature? It has to be strong enough for them to detect.
It'll be tight, but we should make it.
Are we on schedule? The Vulcan ship will be here in less than two hours.
I'm afraid you've caught me. I am a space-man.
And you know all this... because <U>you're</U> a space-man too...
From another planet.  Oh, I almost forgot... they have green blood and pointed ears.
Wrong answer, Mister Picard. Try again.
There is no invasion...
These people you're calling "Vulcans"... who are they? Where do they come from? How many troops? What kind of weapons?
Invasion.
The invasion plans.
What do you want?
Not yet.
Something wrong with that?
You seem to have an answer for everything.
I think he was running a test on an old rocket engine... and one of the fuel cells burst.
Maybe you can tell me what he's been doing in that silo. We heard some explosions out there this morning...
Yes.
Lucky for him you came by when you did. He might be dead now.
I'm an old friend of Cochrane's... I wanted to see how he was doing.
And what were you doing out at the missile silo?
Huh.
It wasn't a trick. I used to be an electrical engineer.
That was a pretty clever trick you did with the hospital's batteries. How'd you do it?
There's a few of us left.
Beautiful city. Used to be, anyway. I didn't think anyone still lived there.
California. San Francisco.
Where are you from most recently?
Not really. I was born and raised right here. Never had much use for travel.
Oh... here and there. You know how it is.
Where in the States?
You don't sound French.
Yes.
Great name. French?
Jean-Luc Picard.
Lieutenant, actually. Lieutenant Jonathan Scrimm. I'm the head of the Resurrection Protective Force.  And you are?
Oh...  yes... ultraviolet protection. Thank you. Mister...?
You've been interfering with my life ever since I met you.  Don't stop now.
This may be hard for you to understand... but I'm duty-bound not to interfere with you, or anyone else here... any more than is absolutely necessary.
Why?
That's impossible.
I don't care if you're from France or Venus... just take me with you.
No... I'm from France.
It's the future, isn't it? Just like you told Scrimm.  I knew you weren't from around here.
No. It's a lot further than that.
Where? And don't tell me San Francisco...
I have to...
You're leaving, aren't you?
I am not a thief...
And all I'm asking for is the truth. That would take five minutes.  For all I know, you caused the explosions at the silo... and now you're trying to steal Zephram's ship.
Why are you being so difficult? All I'm asking for is to look at one of the photographs. It'll take five minutes.
Or...?
We have to launch his ship by tomorrow afternoon.
All right. Truth. I believe that one. Why is it so urgent you couldn't wait until morning?
A key piece of the ship has been destroyed... and our only hope to reconstruct it is if one of your photographs shows us what it looked like.
Lie. That's one. Keep going.
Some.
Friends from Cornell...
Myself... and a few other friends of Zephram's.
We?
We're trying to repair Doctor Cochrane's ship. It's been damaged and --
Okay, let's hear it. I'm sure you have a great explanation for why those rocket photos are so important you broke into my house.
Don't flatter yourself. I take pictures of a lot of junk.
I'd say you already have.
Too bad.  Besides, it'll give you all night to think up a new set of lies.
It can't wait until tomorrow...
I'm sure it is. But it'll have to wait until tomorrow.
Ruby... I need to talk to you about those photographs. It's very important.
How did you know about that?
No... not like you and Doctor Crusher used to be.
Were the two of you... involved?
Are you always sucha good judge of character?
You're not someone who lies very easily... so it's obvious when you do... at least to me.
What makes you say that?
You're lying.
What?
'Fraid not.
I'm an old friend... I met him when he was doing his undergraduate work at Cornell back in --
Trade. Okay. The photographs... for a straight answer.  Who are you? And how do you know Zephram?
No... but sometimes I feel that way.  What I meant was, I'd be willing to trade for the photographs.
You'd have to try real hard. No one's used currency in over ten years. What are you, from another planet?
I can try.
"Money." So you can get dome money...
Did you take any other pictures of the rocket?
Bed sheets.  I used my last set of bed sheets to make those prints. Not the best material, but I haven't seen a clean piece of paper in five years.
Yes... I wanted to ask you about some photographs I saw out at the silo. There were three of them... printed on some kind of fabric.
Did you need something?
I'm very sorry.
Yes... and I only had enough silver halide for one shot. So you're lucky you didn't screw it up.
Cochrane?
Thank God this plate was already fixed.
Ah... yes... but, I didn't realize that --
What are you, an idiot? Didn't you see the red light was on?
Yes, he is.
Take care of him. He's a very special man.
Western hemisphere... North American continent...
Track their weapons fire.
We have to follow them back... repair whatever damage they've done to that time-line.
Captain...?
Population... thirty-five billion...  All Borg.
Life signs?
On screen.
Incoming transmission from the Borg.
Aye, sir.
Signal the Endeavor to fall back. We'll cover them.
Onscreen.
Incoming transmission from Starfleet Command. Admiral Hayes.
Aye, sir.
Worf, have Doctor Crusher, Mister La Forge and a security team meet me in Transporter Room Three. Civilian clothes.
Fire!
Target locked!
Go to manual.
Phasers are off-line... we have two quantum torpedoes left. But the computer targeting system has been destroyed.
Intercept course, full impulse.  Weapons status?
Captain, I've found the Borg Sphere. It's on the far side of the planet...firing at the surface.
Steady as she goes.
Hull integrity down to thirty percent...
Data, set a course for that vortex.
Captain, there are five Borg ships closing in on our position.
Aye, sir.
Time travel... they're attempting time travel...  Full power, Mister Data. Worf, quantum torpedoes at my command!
Fire.
Port battery, ready sir!
No, sir.
Unless you'd like to stay.
Yes, sir. But Captain... are we... all going back?
Then make it so. Have you determined how to recreate the temporal vortex?
Yes, sir.
Return to our own time?
I'll keep in contact. You have the Bridge.
Good luck, sir.
Normally, I would agree. But in this case, the mission requires a certain knowledge of 21st century history. You're many things, Number One, but you're not much of an historian.
And if they succeed, humans won't make First Contact with the Vulcans tomorrow.  As First Officer I should be the one beaming down...
In twenty-four hours, Zephram Cochrane is supposed to conduct the very first warp test... from a missile silo in Montana. If I'm right, the Borg were trying to change the course of human history by killing him or destroying his ship.
Captain?
Can't tell. Long-range bio- sensors are off-line.
Life signs?
Looks like they damaged the silo...
On screen.
We're still in Earth orbit.
Report.
They did it... they assimilated Earth.
They must've done it in the past... they went back and changed history...
Worf... torpedo... now!
We're caught in some kind of energy wake from the vortex...
Nothing.
Emergency override!
We've lost Bridge control!
Report!
Understood!
Worf! I'm going to need at least five minutes!
I'll keep that in mind.
And Commander, whatever you do... do <U>not</U> vomit in your exo-suit. It would be... unpleasant.
Right.
Try not to look at the stars... keep your eyes on the ship.
Just a little queasy...
Are you alright?
The Borg will undoubtedly attack. Set phasers to rotating modulation.
I guess I'd better get it right the first time.
You will have to realign the targeting array of the quantum torpedo... and reprogram the warhead for the localized detonation.  There's only one torpedo left...
Destroy the deflector dish.
Agreed. Options?
We have to stop them from sending that message.
They're converting the deflector dish into an antennae...
They're connecting the conduits to subspace communications...
Computer -- thermal enhancement.
They're re-routing the deflector power conduits...
They appear to be modifying the deflector dish.
What are they doing?
We have to cover both possibilities.  We'll take care of the Bridge. Worf, take your men and seal off Main Engineering. Turn it into a fortress -- nothing gets in.
To control the Enterprise, they'll have to gain access to one of two locations. Main Engineering... or the Bridge.
We'll have to assume they've been assimilated into the Collective.
We saw at least thirty...and there are twenty-two Enterprise crewmembers reported missing... including Commander Data.
It appears that someone has taken over the Environmental Control Room.
What the hell is happening, Worf?
What?
A ship-wide decompression has been initiated!
Assign another team if you need to. I want to re-establish communication with the Captain as soon as possible.
I have assigned two damage control teams to locate the source of our communication problems. So far, they've had no success.
Incoming message from the Starship Intrepid. Admiral Hayes.
Casualties are light, Captain. Minor buckling on the port nacelle. Nothing serious.
Hold that thought.
I have to admit there was a moment there when --
I think Mister Worf is suggesting that we go outside for a little stroll...
What are you suggesting?
I remember it made me sick.
Deflector dish... why the deflector dish...?
To do what? If they wanted a weapon, they could've taken over a phaser bank or torpedo bay...
Where the hell are they going?
They're bypassing Engineering...
Do we have any idea how many Borg we're dealing with?
All right... we've lost control of eight decks... three Cargo Bays... one Shuttlebay.
Mister Worf... find Data if you can, but your top priority is isolating the Borg.
Wil... Data was down there.
The Borg.  Some of them must've beamed over before we destroyed their ship.  Seal off that entire deck with emergency force fields.
Someone...?
We just lost main power... and we've got Class-Three alerts all over the ship. I'm not sure what's --
Report.
Commander... we have a problem.
What the hell happened down there, Worf?
Something is very wrong, Commander. We're falling back.
Worf? Is something wrong?
Any sign of Data, or the Borg themselves?
Worf to Bridge. We're about to enter the Environmental Control Room.
There's a dampening field in place on this deck. Our tricorders are useless.
Riker here.
Worf to Bridge.
What kind of message?
They may be trying to send a message to the other Borg...the Borg in this time period...
Data's positronic net contains classified information on the Enterprise. Command codes, security protocols...
Even Data?
There were no planetary defense systems in this era. Their weapons were designed to fight each other... not extraterrestrials.
Are we in any danger of being detected by Earth defense systems?
Target...
Captain, they're firing at a nuclear missile silo... in central Montana.
Captain, I've scanned the planet. The atmosphere contains a high concentration of methane, carbon monoxide and fluorine. The oceans have been chemically altered, as well.
No response.  I'm not reading any Starfleet com traffic in this entire sector.
I'll bear it in mind, Admiral. I think that's all.
The longer we wait, the less accessible the hostages will be, Mr. President.
I'd prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it.
At present I'm awaiting a full report from Enterprise. Pending that I am constrained to observe Interstellar Law.
Mr. President we cannot allow Federation citizens to be abducted.
Admiral Donald...Bill...
Mr. President.
That's the question -
Or not to be -
We WERE beginning to hit our stride together, doctor...
Pity they're retiring us just as I was starting to understand you, Spock...
Thank you, nurse. Jim, she's ready! Lock and load!
Calm yourself, doctor, the operation is almost complete...
We DO sleep lying down.
Spock, that was actually funny.
Vulcans sleep lying down...
Bet you wish you'd stood in bed...
Fascinating...
You may need assistance, doctor...
I'm going to perform surgery on a torpedo - you never know...
The charge is murder.
I believe the operation is over.
I'm going too. They may need a doctor.
Good luck, Captain.
To be -
And the good news is they're not going to prosecute.
Time we got underway ourselves, gentlemen.  Once again, we've saved civilization as we know it.
Come on...
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
Killed trying to escape - it's a classic...
Damned clever if you ask me...
She didn't need our help getting anywhere... where did she get these convenient clothes? And don't tell me that flare is standard prison issue...
ARE YOU CRAZY?
Spock's looking for us...
If they're even looking for us...
Once we're beyond the shield they should be able to pick it up two sectors away.
That cunning little Vulcan...
It's the viridium patch Spock slapped on my back right before we went aboard Gorkon's ship.
No way.  You see this?
Jim, leave me - I'm finished...
Don't remind me.
What kind of creature is this? Last night you two were spooning -
More than ever.
Still think we're finished?
What is it with you, anyway?
Well, if you've got any bright ideas, now's the time to -
Uh uh. Somebody felt much worse. And I'm starting to understand why.
Well, don't be too hard on yourself - we all felt exactly the same -
No more neutral zone. I was USED to hating Klingons... that's why I failed in our assignment.  It never even occurred to me to take Gorkon at his word. Spock was right.
Specifically of...?
Some people ARE afraid of the future; of what MIGHT happen;  I was frightened, really frightened.
Are we playing multiple choice?
I didn't mean this future.
That was the general idea I intended to convey.
Bones, are you afraid of the future?
- <U>Kobayashi Maru</U>...
Speak for yourself. One day... one night...
We're not finished.
Three months till retirement. What a way to finish.
Suppose HE'S holding a grudge?
Bones, why don't you see what you can do? Let them know we're not holding a grudge.
We've been set up all along.
Figures.
What's the Brotherhood of Aliens?
Thanks...
Chancellor Gorkon, can you hear me? Chancellor...?
No!
Jim, I don't even know his anatomy.
Can you - ?
Sweet Jesus...! He's lost a lot of whatever this stuff is...
I wish I knew. Uhura?
What the Hell's going on?
You heard the order, Lieutenant.
Uh, Jim...
If they did we'd all have to turn ourselves in. How CAN we rely on them?
They don't arrest people for having feelings.
In space, no one can hear you sweat.
Too bad we can't SMELL her.
Captain, shall we attempt to return fire?
This is fun...
Now there's a poser.
Captain, when we get to Camp Khitomer, how will we defend ourselves? I mean, if this new Bird of Prey can fire while she is invisible...?
Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of "exploration"...
We're explorers not diplomats!
And perhaps with a large step or two. Like a peace treaty.
Perhaps with a few small steps at a time. Like this one.
The Chancellor herself will testify that the defendant's hands shook.
I tried to save him! I was desperate to save him! He was the last best hope in the universe for real peace.
You were incompetent! - whether deliberately or as a result of age combined with drink this court will determine.
I was nervous -
You say you are due for retirement. May I ask: do your hands shake?
I didn't have the knowledge of Klingon anatomy I needed.
Have you saved patients as "barely" alive as he was?
Barely.
Was Chancellor Gorkon alive when you first examined him?
Ah. I believe you also consumed Romulan ale at the officers' mess on the night of question, Doctor?
Retire.
Stand...?
For 27 years I have been Ship's Surgeon and later Chief Medical Officer aboard the USS Enterprise. In three months I'm due to stand down.
Aside from a touch of arthritis, I'd say pretty good.
Doctor McCoy, what is your current medical status?
Then let me help!
We were until your torpedoes!
Are you carrying a surgeon?
I thought I would assume a pleasing shape.  We're outside the shield. Now it's your turn, Kirk.
I don't wonder. Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you?
It takes a lot of effort.
That's a comfort...
They'll respect him now...
I don't mind. Smuggling. Guilty. I come from Arc. Smuggling is an ancient and respected trade there.
What are you in for, if you don't mind me asking?
They'll make it look like an accident...
I don't believe we can get more out of the way than this.
Your honors, the State rests.
As Captain I am responsible for the conduct of the crew under my command.
So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - ?
I am.
Captain Kirk, are you aware that under Federation law, the Captain of a Starship is considered responsible for the actions of his men?
I cannot confirm or deny actions which I did not witness.
You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor?
Well, I -
You deny Enterprise fired on KRONOS One?
And you were obeying or disobeying orders the night you arranged the assassination of Chancellor Gorkon?
I have on occasion disobeyed orders.
For insubordination.
Yes.
You were demoted...
Those words WERE spoken by me.
Louder, please. We cannot hear you.
Yes...
Spoken by you?
Yes.
Are those your words?
That, either as an instrument of Federation policy or acting on your own drunken initiative, you and your fellow conspirators crippled KRONOS One and cold-bloodedly assassinated the Chancellor of the High Council. Then you and Doctor McCoy went aboard to make certain the job was complete.
That isn't true...!
And now we come to the architect of this tragic affair, Captain James Tiberius Kirk. I put it to you, Captain, that you were seeking revenge for the death of your son.
That we fired two photon torpedoes. But -
And what did they tell you?
I checked the data banks, yes.
Did you have occasion to refer to your ship's data banks during that night?
There... were no other ships in the sector.
And you still maintain your ship did not fire on Kronos One? Would you have known if she had? Come now, Captain. The record clearly there were no other ships in the sector.
The drink WAS served...
Isn't it a fact that you served Romulan ale, a beverage illegal in the Federation because of its overwhelming potency?
What?
Take them away.
He just tried to save him!
Under article 184 of Interstellar Law, I place you both under arrest. You are charged with assassinating the Chancellor of the High Council.
How can I trust --
He's a DOCTOR!
You crippled our gravitational field with a direst torpedo hit, and two Starfleet crewmen beamed aboard in magnetic boots and did this! WE HAVE WITNESSES!
WHAT HAPPENED?
You feign ignorance?
My God, what happened here?
I beg your pardon?
"To be or not to be, that is the question" which preoccupies our people, Captain Kirk. We need BREATHING room...
Very much.
Would you care to go topside?
I'm not sure how to take that.
I've always wanted to meet you, Captain.
Second star to the right - and straight on till morning...
Course heading, Captain?
Aye, sir; thrusters...
Mr. Chekov, slow down. Take us forward, thrusters only, one quarter impulse power.
Aye, sir; thrusters...
Mr. Chekov, take us forward, thrusters only, one half impulse power...
Shields up. Battle stations.
Shields. Battle stations.
Then all we've got is a neutron radiation surge - and by the time we're close enough to record it, we're ashes...
But if she's cloaked...
She's here - somewhere.
She's only a cog in the wheel - no way she knows that.
Where IS the conference?
Who else?
From Starfleet?
First rule of assassination: always kill the assassins.
Get close enough to a man and you can kill him on "Stun" without setting off the alarm - of course you can't get rid of the body...
Torpedo bay! DID we fire those torpedoes?
Captain, if they fire at us with our shields down --
Uhura, monitor!
Torpedo room--?
I know what you mean...
Just the size of my head -
Full diplomatic courtesy, Mr. Chekov...
Captain, you're not going to show them the bridge??
Captain Sulu... on assignment... anyone seen Spock?
Where is Mr. Sulu?
She programmed the torpedo hits?
You must have cursed yourself, for having programmed our data banks, Lieutenant. Only they revealed something wrong aboard Enterprise.
Quite right, Mr. Chekov. What is now required is a feat of linguistic legerdemain - and a degree of intrepidity. Before the Captain and Doctor McCoy freeze to death.
Mr. Spock, Rura Penthe's deep in Klingon territory. If we're discovered...
ALL uniforms?
Now we expand our search to include uniforms.
Now we go to Starfleet?
This is the first evidence that corroborates our theory.
They must have walked through it when it was floating and tracked it back here.
Klingon blood.
You tell them, Lieutenant.
What ARE we searching for, Mr. Spock?
You're forgetting something.  the data banks say WE fired. If we did, the killers are here; if we didn't, whoever altered the data banks is here. Either way, what we're searching for is here...
Shields up, Captain --?
They're preparing to fire.
Is that wise, sir? I mean, given their situation -  Aye, sir.
Send to commander Enterprise: "We stand ready to assist you. Captain Sulu, USS Excelsior." Attach our co-ordinates.
Are you kidding?  Send to Starfleet Command...
Do we report this, sir?
An INCIDENT?
Onscreen.
Captain, I'm getting a message from Klingon High Command.
Mr. Valtane, any more data?
Aye, sir.
We must do this again soon.
Thank you, Captain Kirk. The evening has been most... edifying.
This cannot be easy for you, Captain...  I would feel awkward if I had to give you a tour of OUR vessel...
Starfleet's been charting and cataloging planetary atmospheres. All vessels are equipped with chemical analytic sensors...
Your research laboratory is most impressive...
Commander, face to face at last.. you have my thanks..
Chancellor, may I present Commander Spock, whom I believe you know, Dr. Leonard McCoy, chief medical officer, Montgomery Scott, chief engineer...
I shall look forward to it.
We'll make arrangements to have you beamed aboard at 1930 hours.
We'd be delighted to accept your gracious invitation.
Uh, would you and your party care to dine this evening aboard Enterprise with my officers as guests of the United Federation of Planets?
Thank you, Captain.
Chancellor. We've been ordered to escort you through Federation space to your meeting place on Earth.
This is KRONOS One. I am Chancellor Gorkon.
Not me, idiot - HIM!
Kill him! He's the one!!
What took you so long?
I like it here...
Isn't it about time you became something else?
They'll be here...
Your friends are late...
Good enough for one - two would look suspicious... killed while attempting escape... now that's convincing for both.
An accident wasn't good enough...
Give a girl a chance, Captain.
I've heard of chameloids - "Shapeshifters" - I thought you were mythical.
Candidate for what?
I can't make it alone. You're the likeliest candidate to come to this god-forsaken place in months.
Possibly.
Getting outside the shield is easy. After that it's up to you to get us off the surface before we freeze. Can you?
Where do we come in?
I know how to get outside the shield.
It IS possible.
Except us.
Listen. No one has ever escaped from Rura Penthe.
There's gotta be a way out of this place...
When whoever it is makes their move, you won't be here to ask if he's the one.
Anything else you want to tell me?
That's not his knee.  Not everybody keeps their genitals in the same place, Captain.
Don't you know? Everyone on Rura Penthe is here for life.
How much time's left of your sentence?
Of course not. Anyway, somebody up there wants you out of the way.
We didn't kill Gorkon.
We don't get many presidential assassins.
There's a reward for your death.
How did you know...?
Krandog aranty.
Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him, anyway.
And your coat.
He's got it.
He wants your obedience to the Brotherhood of Aliens.
WHO ELSE...?
This is incredible -
Aye, sir.
Stand DOWN, Mr. Scott. All stop. That's an order.
Captain, if --
Stand down your weapons.
Energize...
Maybe if their particles just got a wee bit mixed...
You hear that?
Just the prototype.
Starfleet will be around long enough for me to convene a Court Martial on this ship, Lieutenant. Win, lose or draw it will be on your record.
I won't allow Starfleet to be dismantled over some Klingon promises.
Who is "US?"
Uhura, signal our surrender.
Captain, our shields -- !
Mr. Chekov, anything unusual?
Sir?
Saavik, you know anything about a neutron energy surge?
Captain.
I hope you're happy.
Right standard rudder, Z plus five degrees...
Uhura, hailing frequencies. Right standard rudder, bring us alongside...
Only don't try putting words in my mouth.
I always wanted to try that.
You piloted well out of spacedock, Lieutenant -
I gather you are not enthusiastic about the assignment... I don't think many on board are.
Right -
We're almost at the rendezvous - I thought you'd want to know...
Come on, Saavik, you COULD knock -
Sorry -
Aye, sir.
I'm still in the chair, Lieutenant.
Kronos, sir?
Plot a course for Kronos, Lieutenant.
Aye, sir.
Captain, may I remind you that regulations specify thrusters only while in space dock?
Thank you. Lieutenant, one quarter impulse power...
Aft thrusters -
Saavik, sir. We were told you'd need a helmsman -  ... so I volunteered.
As you were. Lieutenant...?
Don't mention it, Captain Kirk.
Thank you, Captain Sulu.
According to my information, today.
When does this conference start?
I'm getting underway now. But you should know, I'm in alpha Quadrant. The chances of my reaching the conference in time are slim.
I'm telling you. Hang on.  How many of those things are there? Come on, Lieutenant, you're charged with murder...
Surely not.
I'm afraid we may need more than that. There's a Bird of Prey on the lookout for us. And she can fire while she's cloaked.
The Conference is at Camp Khitomer, near the Romulan border. I'm sending the exact coordinates on a coded frequency.
Bless you, Sulu.  Where's the peace conference? They're going to attempt another assassination.
I'm sorry, Captain - your message is breaking up.
You understand that by even talking to us, you're violating regulations, Captain.
Standing by, Captain Kirk.
Sulu!
This is Captain Sulu, USS Excelsior.
... is to trust him.
The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy...
Gorkon thought the undiscovered country might mean something else - another kin of life. People can be very frightened of change. I know I was.
I always assumed Hamlet meant death.
But we haven't run out of history just yet.  Your father quoted Hamlet: he called the future - "the undiscovered country"...
Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing, wondering if we detect her.
What's she waiting for?
Make ourselves a target?
Captain, perhaps we're going about this the wrong way; our job is to get to the conference; HER job will be to stop us.
Not yet... Section 4236...
Close enough to beam down?
Spock, you want to know something?
But I am not human. I am only -
Not for the actions of another. No one is responsible for any actions but his own. Human beings -
I SHOULD have been -
Someone said the difference between comic and cosmic is the letter "S." You haven't outlived your usefulness - to me. And you are not responsible just because she is also Vulcan -
Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness?  Would that constitute a joke?
Gorkon had to die before I understood how prejudiced I was...
I was PREJUDUCED by those achievements.
You couldn't have known she was listening the night I dictated that entry into my log. You were proud of her achievements as a Vulcan.
I too was blind. I knew about HER - and I did nothing. I trusted too much.
I was blind. I couldn't see past the death of my son. I couldn't trust.
The night is young. Anyway, it was logical.  You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for  rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us.
You were right: it was arrogant presumption that got us into this situation. You might have died.
Are you dining on worms?
The Commander is an old friend of yours.
Why would they give them to us?
I've been dead before. Uhura, raise Excelsior. She ought to have the co-ordinates.
Azetbur has agreed to meet the Federation at a undisclosed location to continue her father's work... the conspirators obviously intend to try again...
What peace conference?
The peace conference.
So, that's it..
The Klingons have a new weapon: a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked. She torpedoed Gorkon's ship.
He was just about to explain the whole damn -
Captain...
Perhaps you're right.
I'M going. You are going to be responsible for getting me out of this. Meantime we're not going to be the instigators of a full-scale war on the eve of universal peace.
I am responsible for involving you in this. I will go.
According to the data bank, we HAVE - twice...
We HAVEN'T fired -
We've fired on the Chancellor's ship -
What the -
From Enterprise?
Curiously it appears to emanate from us.
Where?
We are reading an enormous amount of neutron radiation.
Spock, I'm really tired...
I am uncertain.
What is it?
I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
I don't believe our own conduct will distinguish us in the annals of diplomacy...
Far be it for me to dispute my first officer. Starfleet has always -
I believe the Captain feels that Starfleet's mission has always been one of peace -
The Chancellor is undoubtedly awaiting our signal.
Never been this close.
Congratulations, Lieutenant. That must make you very proud...
Lieutenant, I am pleased to see you.  The Lieutenant is the first Vulcan to be graduated at the top of her class as the Academy.
LET THEM DIE.
They're dying.
DON'T TRUST THEM. DON'T BELIEVE THEM -
Jim, there is an historic opportunity here -
I know your father's the Vulcan Ambassador for heaven's sake, but you know how I feel about this: they're animals.
I was asked by my father to open neg-
How could you vouch for me? That's...  ... arrogant presumption -
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
WE volunteered?
You have personally -
I have personally vouched for you in this matter, Captain.
We have volunteered to rendezvous with the Klingon ship that's bringing Chancellor Gorkon here, and escort him safely through Federation space.
Me?
Not from a distance. She won't show up on ANY type of scan.
Captain, we can't see her, but she gives off heat...
Nothing, Captain. If they're here, they're rigger for silent running.
Uhura?
Who else?
Gorkon's own man??
I'm going aboard. Spock, you have the conn.
It's pretty chaotic over there. There's been some weapons fire and a lot of shouting...
This is Enterprise. We surrender. Repeat  Enterprise surrenders --
WE SURRENDER.
Captain --
This is the Starship Enterprise, Captain James Kirk commanding.
Channel open, Captain.
Control, this is Enterprise requesting permission to depart.
Control tower, reading, Sir.
You've betrayed the Federation - all of you.
Perhaps neither of us was hearing very well that night, Lieutenant. There were things I tried to tell you too - about having faith.
You can't prove any of this...
But it was when you tried to persuade me the Captain was guilty that I should have understood.
I believe you. Please...
I don't want to.
If you are logical.
An error.
A lie?
I'm having the garbage searched. If my surmise is correct these boots will cling to the killers' necks like Tiberian bats. They couldn't make their escape without them; nor can they simply throw them out a window for all to see; no - they're here. Somewhere.
Suppose when they returned they threw the boots into the garbage?
Even logic must give way to physics. Gravity hadn't been restored by the time they escaped. Without their boots they would not have stayed on the Klingon transporter pads.
We've got a crew of three hundred turning their own quarters inside out,  but the killers may be among them. Surely they've disposed of these boots by now. Wouldn't it have been logical to leave them on Gorkon's ship?
Any progress?
An omission. After that -
A lie?
Very well. For twenty-four hours we'll agree that this conversation did not take place.
Commander Uhura has been experiencing technical difficulties sir.
Curious. You haven't been assisting Commander Uhura with her radio transmissions, have you, Lt?
Not as yet, sir.
Any reply from Starfleet to our dispatch, Lieutenant.
Such things have happened before, sir.
Her own father...?
In the meantime we must endeavor to piece together what happened here tonight. According to our data banks, this ship fired those torpedoes.
How did you - ?
What do you suggest, Lieutenant? Opening fire won't retrieve the Captain; and an armed engagement was precisely what he wished to avoid.
But we can't allow them to be taken back to Kronos as prisoners.
That the universe will unfold as it should.
Faith...?
You must have faith.
I am not certain such speculations are included among your duties, Lieutenant.
Sir, I speak to you as a kindred intellect. Do you not recognize that a turning point has been reached in the affairs of the Federation?
You have done well, Saavik. As your sponsor at the Academy I have followed your career with... satisfaction. And as a Vulcan.
I do not think so. Enterprise has disobeyed orders and harbors two escaped convicts. Admiral Donald will make certain all your ship-to- shore transmissions are jammed.
We can send a message to Starfleet Command -
We are experiencing a technical malfunction. All backup systems inoperative.
In nineteenth century France, workers who felt their livelihood threatened by machines, flung their wooden shoes - called SABOTS - into the gears to stop them. Hence the word SABOTAGE.
We've been ordered to -
Trouble?
Confirmed, Captain!
Direct hit -
No, sir.
You having hearing problems, mister?
Sir?
Signal Starfleet that... we have no idea location of Enterprise.
Apparently they're refusing to acknowledge signal to return to spacedock, sir.
What?
Sorry to wake you, sir, but Starfleet urgently requests any data we may have on the whereabouts of Enterprise.
What's left of it.
Praxis?
... I cannot confirm the existence of Praxis.
What is it?
I have confirmed the location, sir, but...
Essential as a resource. Praxis is their key energy production facility.  Send to Klingon High Command: "This is Excelsior, a Federation Starship traveling through Beta Quadrant. We have monitored a large explosion in your sector. Do <u>you require assistance</u>?"
Negative. The subspace shockwave originated at bearing three-two- three, mark seven-five, the location is...  Praxis. A Klingon moon. Barren of indigenous life forms but -
Don't tell me that was any meteor shower.
Visual!
I have an energy wave from 240 degrees mark six port --
Then it's time we were heading home. Three years is...
Fifty-four planets - and their gaseous atmospheric anomalies. Our sensing and analytic equipment worked well.
According to this we've completed our exploration of the entire sector.
Aye, aye, sir.
They're outside the beaming shield. Mr. Scott, start your engines.
Thank you, Mr. Scott. We were to return to spacedock, the killers would surely manage to dispose of their incriminating footwear.
- could take weeks, sir.
I believe I am.
They you're talking about a dreadful new engine of destruction, Mr. Spock.
This one can.
A Bird of Prey canna fire when she's cloaked!
Would they?
If another ship had been beneath us the Klingons would've seen her!
Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us...
Not from us!
There was an enormous neutron energy surge.
They dinna fire on themselves. And there were no other ships present.
I know precisely where he'll be.
Twenty-four hours from now we won't have a clue where the Captain is.
That's hardly conclusive, Mr. Scott, as Klingons have no tear ducts.
They don't place the same value on life that we do, Spock - you know that... take my word: she didn't shed one bloody tear...
Then someone forged a data bank entry.
And if they're still in place?
Nevertheless.
That could take hours!
We'll have to check every one of them, Mr. Scott.
You can check the torpedoes visually, if you like -
I think  not.
A computer canna lie, sir.
Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying.
It's as I said, Mr. Spock: Inventory still registers every torpedo.
Mr. Scott, you forget yourself. Please accompany me.
NO WAY!
I've already addressed that question, Mr. Scott. We'll e able to follow the Captain's movements.
At least we must keep track of where they are taken, sir. I -
But you didn't join a conspiracy.
They might as well arrest me, too; I felt like Lieutenant Saavik.
Well, what about all that atmospheric equipment we're carrying to catalogue gaseous anomalies?
Under impulse power she expends fuel like any other ship. We call it "Plasma" - I do not know the Klingon name for it, but by any name it is merely ionized gas.
Maybe we should write them a letter?
I don't think Starfleet could have envisioned our current predicament.
At present, he's surrounded by a magnetic shield. If my calculations are correct, he should be deep into his escape planning by this time.
You understand that we have lost all contact with Captain Kirk...?
Mr. Scott, any progress on repairing our warp drive?
I've pulled out my - uh wooden shoe and Starfleet is screaming for us to return to port.
I want this ship searched from bow to stern. Lieutenant Saavik, you are in charge. Start with the transporter room and work your way outwards...
Even assuming you're correct, Mr. Spock, why would they fire on their own President?
And they'd be right. We have no evidence - just a theory that happens to fit the facts...
It means that if we cannot have fired those torpedoes then someone else did.
What exactly does that mean?
An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remains - however improbable - must be the truth.
He's placing himself in a most awkward position...
Sulu's giving us his position and telling us he's standing by...
Yes, sir.
I assume command of this ship as of  0130 hours. Uhura, send to Starfleet HQ. Explain precisely what has taken place, and request instructions.
How do both sides overcome ingrained prejudice?
They're naturally wary, ma'am. We've been at war a long time.
How long is that?
Indefinitely.
For how long?
No. I must deactivate you.
No. Can I move now?
Do you have any knowledge of the tactical abi1ities of this ship?
No.
Do you know anything about Shinzon's plans against the Federation?
I know.
I do not understand.
You have been programmed to gather information that can be used against this ship.
Why?
Because you are dangerous.
Why?
No, I have only activated your cognitive and communication subroutines.
Brother. I cannot move.
Is that your final answer?
No.
Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel?
No.
Can you remember our father?
I am in a room with lights.
Do you know where you are?
No. My name is Data... I am your brother.
You are me.
Do you know who I am?
I was in space for a long time. Then a ship belonging to the Talosians" picked me up. They asked me where I came from. I told them people called the Pakleds" took me from my homeworld. They are fat
Yes, please continue.
Fuzzy face is gone.
I was taken from my homeworld by people called the "PakJeds." They are fat. They traded me to a ship belonging to the "Bolians." The "Bolians" are blue. They put me in a seat and asked me questions. Then they were attacked by another ship...
Can you tell me how you came to be on the planet where we found you?
Soon then.  Ill save the last dance for you.
Not tonight, I have work here.
They're running me ragged. Nothing but question day and night... I love it! Come to dinner and 1'1 tell you all about it. There's a Bajoran band at the officer's mess.
Reminds me of a young doctor I used to know...
You can' t imagine them, Jean Luc. They're kids! All with advance degrees in xenobiology and out to conquer every disease in the quadrant.
How far we've come. Let me know if you need anything.
That was another time.
To seek out new life and new civilizations. Zephyr. Cochrans own words. When Charles Darwin set out on the H.M.S. Beagle, on his journey into the unknown... he sailed without a single musket.
I'm counting on it... We've been ordered to head to sector 3274. Starfleet is diverting the fleet to meet us there.
But we do have one advantage.  He needs your blood to live. He might come after you first.
I can't be sure but the rate of decay seems to be accelerating.
How long does he have?
Dying?
As a result the temporal sequencing was never activated. Remember, he was supposed to replace you at nearly your current age. He was engineered to skip thirty years of life. But since the RNA sequencing was never activated, his cellular structure has started to break down. He's dying.
But the Romulans abandoned the plan.
The more I studied his DNA the more confusing it got. Finally I could only come to one conclusion... Shinzon was created with temporal RNA sequencing. He was designed so that at a certain point his aging process could be accelerated to reach your age more quickly, so he could replace you.
Can you describe it, Deanna?
Aside from slightly elevated adrenalin and serotonin levels, you're completely normal.
I wish I could believe that, Doctor.
Jean Luc, Whatever you were... Right now you're the man you've made yourself. He's someone else.
Yes.
Is he very much like you were?
I so wanted to believe Shinzon. But the Thalaron radiation can't be explained away. Whatever he's after, it's not peace.
He turned out all right.
He was a damn fool. Selfish and ambitious. Very much in need of seasoning.
He was a bit proud as I recall.
Remember him?
You're working late.
Beverly, come in.
Understood. Keep on it. I need to know what he has and how to neutralize any threat. Give me options.
It has the ability to consume organic material at the subatomic level. I can't overestimate the danger of Thalaron radiation, Jean Luc. A microscopic amount could kill every living thing on this ship in a matter of seconds.
I think a skin cells the more likely of the two.
About twenty-five years ago. They probably used a hair follicle or skin cell.
When was he... created?
If you start tearing up I promise to beam you out. Level one medical emergency.  Theres no crying in Starfleet.
Please, Beverly, this is hard enough.
Sort of like losing a son and gaining an empath, isn't it?
It'll serve you right.
I notice Dr. Crusher laughing along with the rest of you. As most of you know, the doctor will also soon be leaving the Enterprise, to assume command of Starfleet Medical. Again, I'm forced to ask, Beverly, have you considered what you're doing to little ole me?! I'll probably get some old battle-axe of a doctor who'll tell me to eat my vegetables and put me on report if I dont show up for my physical on time!
Sir.
Negative.
Sir, allow me to go. You are needed here.
Deanna, stand by.  Open a channel.
We are being hailed.
Divert power and compensate.
Captain, we have lost ventral shielding on deck twenty nine.
Full axis rotation to port! Fire all ventral phasers!
We are losing dorsal shields.
Commander Riker, evasive maneuvers!
Yes, sir. The Rift effects all long-range communications.
It's interfering with our uplink from Starfleet cartography?
We are passing through the Bassen Rift. The projections will return when we have cleared it.
I aspire, sir. To be better than I am. The B-9 does not. Nor does Shinzon.
How can you be sure?
No, sir, it is not possible. The B-9 is physically identical to me, although his neural pathways are not as advanced. But even if they were, he would not be me.
He may have already rejected my humanity, but you also have a twin
He would deny a "human" connection is possible. He considers himself entirely Reman.
But so much is the same. On a biological level he is... and I will not accept the idea that there is nothing I can do. I have a responsibility to try to make a human connection with him.
I do not agree. Although you share the same genetic structure, the events of your life have created unique individual.
Yes.
Of you?
"For now we see but through a glass darkly..." He said he's a mirror.
At our current velocity we will arrive at sector 3274 in approximately 40 minutes.
How long until we reach the fleet?
Fire!
Ready, Captain.
We're about to find out... Power up disruptors and fire on my mark.
Do you think this is a wise course of action?
Well then... only one way to go.
Affirmative, sir. Negative, sir. They have instigated security overrides and erected a force field around the external portals.
Can you open the shuttlebay doors?
Port thrusters, sir. Would you like me to drive?
What do you imagine this is?
While I find that fascinating, Data, we really need that Goddamned door open!
They are trying to override the access codes. Reman is really a most complex language with pictographs representing certain verb roots and...
Alacrity would be appreciated, Commander.
There is a shuttlebay 948 meters from our current location.
We'll find a way off together. Recommendations?
Yes, sir.
It'll only work for one of us.
Geordi equipped me with the prototype for the Emergency Transport Unit. I recommend you use it to return to the Enterprise.
It would appear so.
A weapon.
Aye, sir... This way.
A bit less florid, Data.
He believes he has our communications protocols. But they will give him inaccurate locations for all Starfleet vessels.
Good work. The download?
My mission was a success, sir. I have discovered the source of the Thalaron radiation.
On my way.
Data to Captain Picard. Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access. And, I believe, we have also discovered an opportunity to gain a tactical advantage.
Well... it seems we're truly sailing into the unknown. Keep at it. Anything you can give me would be appreciated. Dismissed.
Starfleet intelligence was only able to provide a partial account of his military record. We can infer he is relatively young and a capablecommander. He fought seventeen major engagements in the war. All successful. Beyond that, we know nothing.
Sorry, sir.
Data!
I can see that.
He is very observant.
Mister Worf, accompany Data please.
The final signature is approx- imately 300 meters up that incline.
Thank you, Data.  Let's see what she can do.
The closest signature is two kilometers to the west... that direction, sir.
New worlds. Yes Data, brave new worlds...
To new worlds...
Now, you make a toast.
If I were... I believe my memory engrams would sense the absence of your specific reactions and behavior. I would "miss you."
You never know what's over the horizon, Data. Before too long you'll be offered a command of your own.
The choices I made have led me here as well. This is the only home I have ever known. I cannot foresee a reason for leaving.
Yes. And, frankly, I envy them as well. They've made important choices; they're going to have great challenges ahead of them. New worlds to conquer...
That is because you have a familiarity with them. You can predict specific reactions and behavior and are comfortable in that knowledge.
Well. I suppose it does a bit. I'm very happy for them, of course, but I'm going to miss them. The ship will seem... incomplete without them.
And this makes you "sad"?
Will and Deanna joining the Titan. Dr. Crusher going to Starfleet Medical...
And you were particularly aware of this feeling because Commander Riker will be leaving to assume command of the Titan?
I understand why it would seem confusing. Certain human rituals... like weddings, birthdays or funerals evoke strong and very complex emotions. These rites carry great weight with us because they denote the passage of time.
Sir.  I noticed an interesting confluence of emotion at the wedding. I am familiar with the human concept of tears through laughter and its inverse, laughter through tears, but I could not help wondering about the human capacity for expressing both pleasure and sadness simultaneously.
To happy endings.
So... To happy endings.
Why?
Because the captain has to concentrate on piloting the vehicle.
Why?
This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.
You have a red shirt.
You do not look like me.
You are not looking at your- self. You are looking at me.
Why am I looking at me?

What is our approximate distance?
Emergency force fields are holding.
We have lost structural integrity on decks twelve through seventeen, sections four through ten.
I am not.
Don't give up hope, Data. I know, I know, you're not capable of hope.
But I believe he will prove incapable of performing higher functions.
No, I do not mind.
It's possible the extra memory port is interfering with the engram processing. Mind if I keep him here and run some diagnostics?
Dr. Soong must have found it unnecessary in later versions.
It seems to be a redundant memory port.  Maybe it's for provisional memory storage in case his neural pathways overload?
What purpose does this serve?
Maybe he's not supposed to be like you. Maybe he's supposed to be just like he is.
Yes.
An individual more like you, you mean.
I feel nothing, Geordi. It is my belief that with my memory engrams he will be able to function as a more complete individual.
He'd have all your memories too. You feel comfortable with that?
Captain Picard agrees that the B-9 was probably designed with the same self-actualization parameters as myself. If my memory engrams are successfully integrated into his positronic matrix, he should have all my abilities.
I can't believe the Captain went along with a memory download.
At present he serves no useful function. Dr. Soong created us to become active and useful members of society. I do not believe he would have wanted the B-9 to live out his life in his present state.
Do you have a name, sir?
Well, he seems to have the same internal mechanics as Data but not as much positronic develop- ment.  The neural pathways aren't nearly as sophisticated. Id say he's a prototype. Something Dr. Soong created before Data .
Captain, I don't recommend transporting, that ion storm doesn't look very neighborly. -It could head this way with- out much warning .
Isolated pockets of humanoids. It appears to be a pre-warp civilization at an early stage of industrial development.
I thought only me, myself and Lore.
How many of you did Dr. Soong make?
Since positronic signatures have only been known to emanate from androids such as myself, it is logical to theorize that there is an android such as myself on Kolarus III.
Thank you.
If you wouldn't mind.
I would like to pick you up now. May I do that?
No.
The resemblance is... striking.
It's you.
Like me, it has been designed with modular power sources.
Why is it moving?
It appears to be...  ... an arm.
This isn't about me anymore.
But how can he? He'll kill you.
Make it so.
The one thing he may have forgotten in the course of battle: me.
Counselor?
Captain -- I might have a way to find them.
I know how he thinks.
How can you be certain?
Permission denied. If you can possibly endure any more of these assaults.  I need you at my side. Now more than ever I...
Shinzon's Viceroy seems to have the ability to reach into my thoughts. I've become a liability... I request to be relieved of my duties.
I not only know him, Deanna, I am him.. and he is me!
Captain, don't assume he's anything like you are. You should resist the urge to think you know him.
How could I not?
Sir, the strongest sense I had was that he's more than urious about you. He very much wants to know you.  The same way you want to know him.
I don't know.
Is he sincere about wanting peace?
I would say he's been trained to resist telepathy. What I could sense of his emotions were erratic, very hard to follow.
And I you.
I'm going to miss you.
I don't believe that, sir. Weve shared many disappointing journeys.
As much as we care for him, Deanna... we have to remember that Data isn't capable of disappointment.
The B-9 is like a slow child, sir. And Data, in his own way, has assumed the position of a parent or guardian. I'm afraid he has expectations based on his own experiences. He'll be disappointed when the BI-9 cannot meet those expectations.
You're speaking of emotional investment?
It's about Data  I've watched him with the B-9 and I'm troubled. Data's desire for a "family" is very strong. I'm afraid he may be investing too much in the B-9.
Of course, sit down.
Do you have a moment, sir?
Counselor.
With pleasure, Captain.
May I have this dance?
The hell you will. You know too much about me as it is ... Now you promised there are no speeches during the ceremony on Betazed.
And you needn't worry. I'll brief your new counselor on everything she needs to know.
The least I could do for you, Deanna.  Besides, you know me... Im a talking head.
Really, Captain, it was a lovely toast.
I can feel your desire, Deanna.
No.
Very logical, Deanna... But your heart doesn't constrain itself to mere logic.  To leave all of this behind and be with me.
You're not here.
You sick bastard!
I'll always be with you now. Now and forever.
Can you feel my hands... are they real? Can you feel my lips, my loins?
This isn't real.
He can never know you as I know you... He can never touch you as I touch you.
No!
Imzadi. This is so good.
Deanna Troi of Betazed. Empathic and telepathic abilities, ship's counselor. All of this I knew... But I didn't know you were so beautiful.
I'm only half human.
Thank you, Commander.
This is Commander Donatra of the Valdore. We're dispatching shuttles with medical personnel and supplies.
Open a channel.
Understood.

Do you have life support?
I'm afraid that drink will have to wait, Captain.
When this is over, I owe you a drink.
The Empire considers this a matter of internal security. We regret you've become involved.
Your timing is impeccable, Commander.
Captain Picard, Commander Donatra of the Warbird Valdore. Might we be of assistance?
Number One.  You have the bridge.
I'll take care of it, sir.
Geordi... prepare the shuttle- bay for arrivals. They don't know our procedures so just... open the doors.
On screen.
Sir, we're being hailed.
Aye, sir.
You have the bridge, Commander. Use all available power to move away from the Scimitar.  Now, Mister La Forge.
That's an order, Commander.
Sir, we wont be able to bring you back. Its a one way trip. Captain, I don't know if the transporter...
Prepare for a site-to-site transport.
The targeting sequence should take about four minutes.
How long until he can fire?
Ready, sir!
Deanna, on my mark.
Aye, sir.
Geordi, put 211 power to the engines.  Take it from life support if you have to -- everything you can give me.
Weve got him!
Sir?
He thinks he knows exactly what I'm going to do.
He wants to look me in the eye.
What's he doing?
What if we target all phasers in a concentrated attack?
He's getting his cloak back. We have exhausted our compliment of photon torpedoes. Phaser banks are down to four percent.
And that's exactly what he's going to do.
It's called a Cascading Bio- genic Pulse. The unique properties of Thalaron radiation allow the energy beam to expand almost without limits. Depending on the radiant intensity it could encompass a ship... or a planet.
As I remember, Thalaron research was banned in the Federation because of its bioqenic properties.
Which is why our initial scans didn't pick it up. But he's got it, Captain.
I thought Thalaron radiation was theoretical.
There's something else. I was reviewing the sensor logs.
Set up a security program to detect any unusual data stream rerouting. If it happens again, we want to be ready.
That's what I don't get -- it's mostly basic stellar cartography: star charts; communications protocols; some uplinks from colony tracking stations. It's not even restricted material.
What programs were accessed?
It's going to take some time to find out -- the data stream was rerouted through substations all over the ship.
Then how did a Reman get to be Praetor? I don't get it.
Cannon fodder.
What do we know about the population?
I read six distinct positronic signatures, spread out over a few kilometers on the surface.
Theories?
Uncharted. We'll have to get closer for a more detailed scan.
What do we know about the planet?
It's very faint but I've isolated it to the third planet in the Kolarin system.
Let's hope that luck holds. Janeway out.
Just lucky, Admiral.

Not with the Romulans.

Understood.
 Believe me, we don't under- stand it either. You're the closest ship so I want you to high tail it over there and hear what he has to say. Get the lay of the land, If the Empire becomes unstable, it could mean trouble for the entire quadrant.
There's more... as always. He's Reman.
New Praetor?
A diplomatic mission. We've been invited, believe it or not. Seems there's been some kind of internal political shakeup. The new Praetor, someone called Shinzon, has requested a Federation envoy.
With or without the rest of the fleet?

Admiral Janeway. Good to see you.
I look forward to the sport.  Take him.
There'll be another after me. And another after that. You'll find we're a resilient species.
It would take me but an instant to tear that valiant heart from your chest.
Listen to him, android. Such a small and weak creature. Yet he roars so valiantly...
That will never happen.
I'm preparing her for Shinzon. To sooth him as she soothes you. To stand at his side as she does at yours.
What are you doing to Counsellor Troi?
So, human... you've met your better self!
I am not Shinzon. I am his Viceroy. We are sending transport coordinates.
Praetor Shinzon, I'm pleased to...
Enterprise. We are the Reman Warbird Scimitar.
Your new chair, sir.
What's this?
On my way. Please notify Commander Riker.
Captain, the Hemingway has arrived to tow us to spacedock.
Aye, sir.
Coordinate our attack with the Valdore's tactical officer. Triangulate fire on any shield impacts.
On screen.
Sir, we're being hailed.
Aye, sir
Worf, prepare a full phaser spread, zero elevation. All banks on my mark. Scan for shield impacts and stand by photon torpedoes.
Who was it?
Sir, we've had an unauthorized access into the main computer.
On screen.
We're being hailed.
Fifty-two disruptor banks, twenty-seven photon torpedo bays, primary and secondary phased shields.
Tactical analysis, Mister Worf.
Captain!
No!
Not yet, Mister Worf.
Sir, I recommend we raise shields.
If you don't mind.
To find the head, sir?
What sort of signature?
I'm picking up an unusual electromagnetic signature from the Kolarin system.
Come now, a big, strapping fellow like you? What are you afraid of?
Captain. I think it is inappropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear...  Naked.
Wont do what, Mister Worf?
I won't do it.
The honor was mine. Captain Riker.
Serving with you has been an honor.
I intend to.
When your first officer insists that you can't go on away missions... Ignore him.
Anything.
I promise you in time, she'll become your home ...If I could offer you one piece of advice?
But she's not the Enterprise.
She's the most beautiful ship Ive ever seen.
The Titan's a fine ship, will. And she's getting a captain worthy of her.
Agreed.
Unless we can disable his cloak we're just going to be firing in the dark.
Counselor Troi, report to the bridge.
He's firing through his cloak. We can't get a lock.
Report.
We can only hope so.
Strength in numbers?
And the Romulans invade.
Oh boy. Destroy humanity and the Federation is crippled.
His hatred of the Federation is apparent. He would have built a weapon of that scope for one reason. He is going after Earth.
Sir?
Can anything be done for him?
He wasn't designed to live a complete, human life span.
Away team. Transporter room four.
Not very chatty.
She's a predator.
She's not out for a pleasure cruise.
Patience. Diplomacy is a very exacting occupation. We can wait.
Captain, with all due respect to diplomatic protocols  -- the Federation Council's not sitting out here, we are.
Counselor?
It's working.
It's an old psychological strategy, Number One. To put him in a position of dominance and make us uneasy.
Why don't they answer our hails?
The Praetor's power has always been the Romulan fleet. They must be behind him.
A coup d'etat?
We have to assume he had Romulan collaborators.
Acknowledged ...  ...I'll talk to Data.
Captain, you have an Alpha Priority communication from Starfleet Command.
Captain's prerogative, Will. There's no foreseeable danger... and your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you.
Sir --
I appreciate your concern, Number One, but I've been itching to try out the Argo.
Captain, I hope I don't have to remind you --
Where we will all honor the Betazoid traditions. No cold feet, or any other parts of our anatomy. Now, if youll excuse me.  Ill be in the gym.
Thank you, sir...
I think it's worth a look. Don't worry, Number One, we'll get you to Betazed with time to spare.
Still well on our side...
Diverting to the Kolarin system takes us awfully close to the Romulan Neutral Zone.
Don't you think it's time to surrender? I'll have my cloak back in a matter of minutes and your poor ship is shot to pieces. Why should the rest of your crew have to die?
I am.
I hope you're still alive, Jean Luc.
I have no choices! I can't fight what I am!
You can still make a choice! Make the right one now!
Its too late.
Please.
That's your life... not mine.
But you want to.
I don't know.
So if I gave you my life, what would you do with it? Would you spend the years in a blaze of hatred as you are now? Or could you change? Could you try to remember a mother's touch you never felt? A father's words you never heard? Could you do that?
Yes.
He is what his life has made him!
The man who is Jean Luc Picard and Shinzon of Remus won't exterminate the population of an entire planet! He is better than that!
I see more than what you are.
Childish dreams, Captain. Lost in the dilithium mines of Remus. I'm what you see now.
Not so long.
Long ago.
I know you as well as I know myself, Shinzon. There was a time you looked at the stars and dreamed of what might be.
Look at me, Shinzon! Do you feel the blood pumping inside you? Your hands, your eyes, your nature, are the same as mine. Buried deep inside you beneath the years of pain and anger is a capacity you've forgotten. It's the one way our mirror can reflect the two of us exactly because it's the very thing that truly defines us. To be human is to try to make yourself better than you are.
I know... you'll all gladly die to save your home world.
You know that's not possible.
I have little interest in your quaint vessel, Captain. If the Enterprise will withdraw to a distance of one hundred light years, it will not be harmed.
And what of the Enterprise?
To accept your surrender. I can clearly destroy you at any time. Lower your shields and allow me to transport you to my ship.
Why are you here?
It's just the two of us now, Jean Luc, as it should be... Your ship and mine... You and me.
We are.
You can't trace my holographic emitters, Captainn. So don't bother. And you can't contact Starfleet. We're quite alone.
I think the facts speak for themselves. The same noble Picard blood runs in our veins. Had you lived my life, you'd be doing exactly as I am. Look in the mirror, and see yourself.
I'm incapable of such an act, and so are you.
It amazes me how little you know yourself.
Think about what you're doing, Shinzon. Are you ready to plunge the entire quadrant into war to satisfy your own personal demons?
Oh, but it does.  We will no longer bow like slaves before anyone. Not the Romulans and not your mighty Federation. We're a race bred for war. For conquest.
If your issues are with me... This has nothing to do with my ship and nothing to do with the Federation.
My life is meaningless as long as you're alive. What am I while you exist? A shadow? An enigma?
I won't defend my life to you.
I see an old man, set in his ways, afraid to live without a uniform to prop him up and a Starfleet regulation to tell him what to do. I see the man I will never be.
I see a young man trying desperately to deny who he is.
And I'm not quite human. So what am I? What do you see?  Do you see a life you might have led? Lost youth never to be recaptured?
You're not Reman.
It's about destiny, Picard. About a Reman outcast who...
What's this all about?
Maybe I'll train it to do little tricks for me like your robot does.  Or maybe Ill snap its ugly head off.
Don't be so vain. After we found it, we made a few modifications. An extra memory port, a hidden transponder. Perhaps your eyes will be a bit less confident when you learn I've gained access to Starfleet's communications protocols. I now know the location of your entire fleet ...  You may go.
All of this so you could capture me?
I need a sample of your blood. What do your Borg friends say? Resistance is futile. 
What are you doing?
I was lonely...
Why am I here?
Hello, Jean Luc.
In time.
In time, Jean Luc.
I'm honored to think I might someday speak with such eloquence.
If there's one ideal the Federation holds most dear it's that all men, all races, can be united. From the first time the Vulcans came to Earth we've sought a future of peace. Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friend- ship. In time. When trust has been earned.
I know.
Shinzon... I'm trying to believe you.
There is that.
With a full head of hair.
I always hoped I would hit two meters.
So I'm not as tall as you expected?
Age before rank, Jean Luc.
After you, Praetor.
New worlds.
And you dreamed about what was up there. About...
Yes.
Looking up at the stars.
No. I was the first Picard to leave Earth.  It caused quite a stir, In fact. But I had spent my whole life...
Were we always explorers?
There's so much, and so much of it is dull...
I want to know  where I come from. The Remans gave me a future. You can tell me about my past.
All I have is my personal feelings.  I wasn't raised with the ideals of the Federation. But I'm trying to understand them now. To live up to them. To live up to you.
And if you had lived my life you would understand that there is a great respons- ibility in representing the Federation. I can't let my personal feelings unduly influence my decisions.
Of course you do. If you had lived my life and experienced the suffering of my people... youd be sitting where I am now. At least I hope you would.
I have no reason to.
You don't trust me.
No race should be a slave to another.
You're doing this to liberate the Remans?
For thousands of years the Romulan Senate has met in this chamber and dictated the fate of its sister-planet... But the time has come for us to live as equals.
They sent me there to die. How could a mere human survive the dilithium mines? It was...  I was a slave. And a monster. The only thing the Romulan guards hated more than the Remans was me. But one man took pity on me: the man who became my Viceroy. He taught me how to survive. And in that dark place, where there was nothing of myself, I found my Reman brothers. They showed me the only kindness I ever knew.
How did you end up on Remus?
Our eyes reflect our lives, don't they? Yours are so confident.
Yes. The eyes have it.
A lifetime of violence will do that. My nose was broken four times. And my jaw... But so much is the same. The eyes, you recognize the eyes.
Not quite. I envy the hair- line.
It's not quite the face you remember.
You'll acquire a taste for it.
Romulan ale -- I'm surprised. I can't stand it.
As happens so frequently here on Romulus, a new government came to power. They decided to abandon the plan -- frankly, I think they were afraid I'd be discovered and it would lead to war. They weren't ready for that.
What happened?
And when I was ready they were going to replace you with me, an exact biological duplicate. Put a Romulan agent at the heart of Starfleet to.influence your command structure. It was a bold plan.
I know.
You know I need to verify this.
Come to dinner on Romulus tomorrow. Just the two of us. Or just the one of us.
We need to talk, just you and I.
You know I do.
No one knew what to do. Finally I was taken to a doctor who had some experience with Terran illnesses and I was finally diagnosed with Shalaft's syndrome. Do you know of it, Captain?
Then perhaps the time has come to add some illumination to our discussion. Computer, raise lighting four levels.
Yes.
But you're also thinking the chance for peace is too promising to ignore. Above allyou're trying to decide if you can trust me.
And you're wondering why the Scimitar is so well armed. Is this the ship of a peacemaker? Or a predator?.
Yes.
Right now, youre thinking this all sounds too good to be true?
I have dissolved the Senate.
And the Senate supports you?
I want to end the centuries of mistrust. I want to be your ally, not your enemy. As a first step I propose we eliminate the Neutral Zone and begin a free and open exchange of goods and ideas.
Unity, Captain! Tearing down the walls between us to recognize we are one people. Federation and Romulan. Human and Vulcan and Klingon and Reman. I'm speaking of the thing that makes us the same. We want peace.
I would be interested to know what we are talking about.
Yes, I'm sorry, Captain.  There's so much we have to talk about.
Praetor Shinzon. Were not here to discuss your lack of a social life.
On the world I come from there's no light. No sun. Beauty isn't important. I see now there's a world elsewhere.
Praetor, we've come to Romulus on a matter we were -- assured was of great importance. If you have anything to say to us as representatives of the Federation, I suggest you do so now.
I am, Commander Riker...  May I touch your hair?
I've never met a human woman.
Praetor?
No?
And you're not as we imagined you.
Praetor Shinzon?
I hope you'll forgive the darkness... we're not comfortable in the light.
But, Praetor, you won't survive without him...
Our greater goal is more important, brother.
What about Picard?
Deploy the weapon. Kill everything on that ship. Then set a course for Earth.
Disruptors are off-line, sir.
Target disruptors. Destroy them.
Two ships decloaking, sir! Romulan!
Report!
On my way.
Praetor, we've received the transponder signal.
Let's go.
Intruder alert!
We're being hailed.
Believe it or not, I think the cavalry has arrived.
Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon. Geordi, get those shields online.
Minimal damage to the Scimitar.
Should I raise shields?
My God...
Runs in the family.
He's a very unusual android.
So theyve got him up and running.
It is... invigorating.
Well, that sounds relaxing too.
She is here.
What is it?!! Focus on your job!!
FULL STOP AND FIRE !
Praetor...
You heard me.
What?!
Let her pursue -- drop cloak on the aft port quadrant and prepare for full emergency stop.
Seven minutes.
How long until we reach the Rift?
A matter of hours now.
How long?
Have the doctors prepare. I'll be on the bridge.'
It's accelerating. You have no more time for games.
Do as I tell you!
No -- this is wasting time.
Find her again.
The bond is broken.
My time. I'll spend it how I choose.
Don't forget our mission, Shinzon. We should act. Now. Time is running out.
He's gentler than I thought. And he has a sense of humor.
This is a mistake.
Yes, Praetor.
Are we prepared?
And when I return... you and I shall have a little talk about showing proper respect!
For the moment.
Commander Suran, the games are over. In two days the Federation will be crippled beyond repair. Does that satisfy you?
And mine is wearing thin, young man! We supported you because you promised action. And yet you delay and you waste your time playing games with Picard while--
I thought we discussed patience, Commander.

The Enterprise is immaterial! They won't make it back to Federation space.
Now go. I have some personal business.
Praetor.
You must learn patience, Commander. Do you know where I learned it? In the dilithium mines of Remus. Spend eighteen hours every day under the ash of a Romulan guards whip and you'll soon understand patience.
Silence, Romulan!
Then perhaps you will enlight- en us?
I have a purpose.
And bringing the Enterprise here?! What possible purpose could that serve?
You don't have to understand.
Then I don't understand the reason for the delay!
I came this far alone ...
But surely...
The Scimitar will serve my needs.
Praetor. You have the whole fleet at your disposal. They supported the coup, they'll follow you.
None.
How many Warbirds will you need?
It's imperative we retain their allegiance or our great mission will be strangled before it can truly draw breath.
They will obey, Praetor.
And?
They're holding position.
Join us, Commanders.  Now what's the disposition of the fleet?
Benny, this is me. I'm going to take a look.
I don't think so... 
Mike, call for back-up.  Benny, you all right?
No, we can handle this.
Don't you think you should call a backup?
Probably kids.
What did I tell you?
Flew?! Oh, come on Benny...
There is. They came out of the belly of the ship and then went to the first terrace and flew down into the houses.
Benny, there's nothing there.
It's there. The fog's thicker now, but it's there. What do you think started those fires?
I don't see anything.
Right in line with that burning tree.
I don't want to scare them away.
Benny, God, take it easy...
We should have. Let me see.
Do you have a good map of Death Valley?
It's still the full price.
We're only going to be here a few hours...
I'll have to run your card off now.
Credit card.
Fill this out.  Will this be cash or credit card?
I'll take that.
Sure.
You have one with two beds?
Thirty-seven fifty for one person, forty-nine fifty for two.
How much are your rooms?
What can I do for you folks?
Have a nice trip.
Thank you.
Gate three. It's boarding now.
And don't be shy about your English. You speak better than a lot of people I know.  Take care of yourself.
Thank you.
Well, here we are... You go down that ramp there, you're sure to get a ride.
It is beautiful.
What do you think of America?
They're damned expensive and a pain in the ass sometimes, but I wouldn't trade having them for anything.
No.
Do you have children?
You don't get rich as a cook, either, believe me. I got a girl going to college this fall. The wife had to go back to nursing to help pay for it.
No.
Make any money?
Eh... yes.
Hey, that sounds interesting. You like it?
I make maps.
What do you do?
I understand.
Food. Eat. I prepare food. I work as a cook. That's how I make money.
About five miles back.
Where's that?
Elmo's...
What was your last stop?
Stay right there...
Where did you stop last?
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Where did you stop last?
He's got a gun!!
No!!! No!!!
They must have picked it up in space.
Houston found it in the extraterrestrial's suit.
It's a copy of the plaque NASA sent into space on the Pioneer probes.
Recognize this?
Shermin, I want you and Bell to start looking for the one on the ground.
Major Bell here, sir. We have to tell these people that we're friendly. That this whole thing was a mistake. Is anyone trying to contact the ship?
We're going... Damn!  We'll tell the press that there was an accident. Chemical warfare spill. That cover cannot be violated in any way. Understand me, Shermin?
Shermin!! Shermin!!!
I just retired.
What?
George... Do you hear me, George?
I'm afraid we can't let you go.
No deal.
You're talking about taking a life. The most unique life form on this planet. I think we're better than that.
You're a career intelligence officer, Shermin. You'll be in the air with us.
Then you're going to have to do it without me.
No, we don't.
That's the chance we have to take.
We'll do that. But how are we going to hold him? He can change himself into a man. He can disappear.
You can change a directive, George. You've done it before. Listen to me. He's going somewhere in Death Valley. Lathrop Wells was never anything but a bus stop. East is the nuclear site. There are no roads in there. She was teaching him to hitchhike. I'm telling you. We block the four roads into Death Valley and we got him.
You're not hearing me.
I've never been taken off an assignment in my life. Give me twenty- four hours and I'll have him for you.
Washington thinks it's too late for that.
We don't have to do it that way. We can catch him this time.
We have a new directive. I'm taking over.
What's all this for?
Shermin...
Hello George.
You just do your job, Shermin. We'll make the policy.
I'm not being unpatriotic, and I'm doing my damndest to catch them. Bell's up on 80 and I'm down here on 70 past Grand Junction. They're heading west. If they're not flying we have a damn good chance of getting them. All I'm asking is that you people think about it.
Is that what's affecting your performance?
Maybe... look, this is just something to think about... from what I got at the shopping center, it was more scared than anything else... I don't feel it's as big a threat as you think it is...
So far you've let it cross the heart of America. For two days it has been absorbing information that is detrimental to our security. I don't see the humor in that.
George, listen to what you're saying. This thing's changed itself into a man. Disappearing may not be that big a deal.
I don't care where you're from you just can't disappear into thin air.
I'll make this as simple as I can, George. They disappeared.
We're growing very concerned back here. There's no use pretending otherwise. We're rapidly approaching a 'condition red.' People are beginning to ask difficult questions.
I'm gonna be here if you need anything.
You'll get results one way or the other, that's for sure... Okay.
We don't know what else to do. We need results.
It's messy... the thing's got a gun... We're just asking for somebody to get killed...
Dammit Shermin. Earlier you were asking for help. What's changed?
I don't like it, George...
I'm afraid the situation demands that kind of risk.
You sure you want this, because... that's putting an awful lot of faith in people we have no control over...
Oh shit!!!
The extraterrestrial now looks like this.
It's made itself look like the woman's dead husband.
Clarify that.
It's taken on a disguise.
Why did you let it get into a populated area?
Yes. It's kidnapped a woman at gunpoint and from what we can make out is forcing her to drive it somewhere.
It's in a green Mustang?
Well, we're in pursuit of a green Mustang...
When can we expect containment?
George, we've just confirmed the existence of the live extraterrestrial.
You have to. We're trying to contact the ship. If we do, I'll let you know immediately. Good luck.
Don't let them do it this way, George. It's too important. We can't find this thing alone.
We've been back and forth on this all day and keeping in mind the panic that would occur if this got to the general public, it's been decided not to expand the search at this time.
That's not going to happen, George, unless you get us the help you promised us.
We'll get those answers when you find the one you're looking for.
Not necessarily bad! If they knew we were here why didn't they let us know they were coming?
We don't think that's necessarily bad. At least it's a point of contact.
Then it's not an accident that they found us.
What do you mean by 'contain?'
Contain it and get back to me.
Wait, wait... What are my orders if we find this thing?
I'm going to the White House right now. I'll try and get you everything you need.
We'll need a lot of help, George. You could hide an army up here.
Neither did I.
Get the body out of there. Load it on the Air Force chopper and get it to Wright Patterson. They'll take it from there... We didn't expect this, Shermin.
None. And there's another one in the area that's alive. I don't know if it's the only one. I don't know if it was left here by accident or it's part of an inva...
Is there any possibility that it's a hoax? Could you be mistaken?
I saw it with my own eyes. We've killed an extraterrestrial and...
There's no mistake? You're absolutely sure?
It's real, George.
Watch it. They're coming out.
I won't let anyone hurt you.
Okay...
If I don't speak to Mr. Shermin, I'm hanging up.
You can speak to me, Mrs. Haydn. I'm in charge of this operation now.
I want to speak to Marc Shermin.
This is George Fox...
Mrs. Haydn...
Is he on his way to Lathrop Wells?
He doesn't want to hurt anybody. Please leave him alone.
Mrs. Haydn...
Do you know what you were kidnapped by?
Mr. Shermin, I'm hanging up now. If you want to ask me any questions, call me at home in a couple of days. I'm in the book.
Marc Shermin.
Mr... I'm sorry, what was your name again?
Get a highway patrol unit over there.
I told you. He let me go. I'm on my way home.
Is the man who kidnapped you there now?
No. You'll want to ask a lot of questions I don't want to answer right now. I already have a ride.
You've been through quite an ordeal, Mrs. Haydn. Why don't you stay where you are and let us pick you up? We'll fly you home.
I don't know. Someplace called Elmo's. Look, I just wanted to tell you that I'm all right and I'm on my way home.
This is Marc Shermin. Where are you, Mrs. Haydn?
Goodbye.
I will.
Tell the baby about me.
No.
I'm never going to see you again, am I?
I love you.
You say you love me and kiss me 'goodbye.'
What do I do now?
I must go.
Well...
I said I would get you to your ship and that's where we're going to say goodbye.
Thank you, Jennyhaydn. You are good. I must go alone now.
Where do you think you're going?
I will wave to you.
Oh, wow... I'll tell you what. When the baby is born, we'll go out in my back yard and wave to you.
The yellow one.
Where?
There.
No, thank you.
I'm sure we could find a country and western station.
Many, many days and nights...
How long will it take you to get home?
Yes.
You want the baby to laugh at me.
Would you put some of your singing in this for the baby?
I'd like to...
If you want to keep it, you can.
This is yours...
We can.
I will say that we can be friends.
What will you say about us?
Many of my people will not believe those things are possible. On my planet there is only one government, one people, one language. I will be asked a lot of questions.
It'll give you the different countries, how they came to be, what they are now, how America came to be, the governments, the languages... everything.
I understand.
Any words you don't know you can find in the dictionary.
This is very interesting. We are born knowing our history. We have other books. But not a book like this.
It'll tell you pretty much everything about us...
If I ever run into that guy, I'm going to kick his ass.
Yes.
The cook again?
Inflation, tuition, college. Children are damned expensive. I know.
I don't need any money for the baby. I'll be fine.
I want to get money for you and the baby.
You won ten dollars. Big deal. If we don't get a good ride before dark we could miss your ship.
I know how to gamble now.
This is crazy. We don't have time for this.
I understand.  Thank you.
Here are two quarters. When you lose these, you're not going to get anymore.
I want to gamble.
What for?
May I have twenty-five cents, please?
You don't make money gambling. You lose it.
The cowboys were right. You can make money fast gambling.
You will have this baby. If you want it. If you don't, I can stop it now.
I told you it's impossible for me to have a baby.
It will be human and it will look like this.  But when it comes it will know everything I know and everything you know. That is something from my planet that I want your baby to have.
But...
You have been very good to me, Jennyhaydn.  You said you wanted a baby, so I gave you one.
Yes, they are.
They are beautiful.
I gave you a baby last night.
Oh, you're pretty...
I understand.
No, they don't talk... We talk to them.
Do they talk?!
Hello... hello. How are you this morning?
No.
You don't forget anything, do you?
Horses.
Good morning.
Nothing.
What?
I do not get cold.
You're damn right I am.
You are cold.
We'll get a ride in the morning.
I can't be late. I don't know if the radio balloons work above your planet. I don't know if my words went to the ship. If I'm not there, the captain will think I'm dead and go.
Let's find a place out of the rain. I'm sure we'll get a ride in the morning.
I used the last one to jump off the cliff...
Why don't you send one of your radio balloons and tell your captain that you might be late?
We're too far away to walk. Don't you understand?
You can stop. I will go on alone.
What are you saying?
What do you want from me? There are no cars on this road. I didn't ask for this stupid storm.
You promised.
I will. I will. We still have another day.
You promised you would get me to my ship.
No one's traveling in this weather.
I can't stay on this planet.
We're not going to get a ride tonight.
The cook.
Where did you learn that?
Asshole!!
We're hundreds of miles from where you have to be.
I feel better if I move.
Why can't we wait here for a ride?
I must meet my ship.
Where are you going?
Come on.
I don't want you to be hurt.
You shit! I'll decide if I go or not. Not you. I don't know what you do on your planet, but I didn't think that was very nice walking out on me like you did.
I will go. But not you.
Please understand. If you go this way, you'll never get to your ship. The police know about Lathrop Wells. We have to go another way. I'll get you to your ship. I promise.
If I don't meet the ship, my people will go home without me.
The police know about Lathrop Wells. We have to go another way. Come on.
This car will take me to Las Vegas. I cannot go back.
The police are waiting for you up ahead. There's a roadblock. You have to go back.
I told you goodbye. Why are you here?
No. I'm just not tired. Let's go.
Are you angry at me?
I'm not sleepy anymore. Let's drive for a little while longer.
You can have one.
No. Get in.
The machine gave me two. Should I put one back?
Hurry up.
On the radio they say it's good.
You shouldn't drink so much of that stuff. It's bad for you.
But I have never seen this before. I am not complete.
Put that back.
Yes. Sing some more.
You liked my singing?
That was beautiful.
I am not a good singer.
Don't be afraid... I'd really like to hear it.
I do not want to.
I'd like to hear it. Can you sing something?
Yes.
Do you have music up there?
Not all... but it feels like a kiss.
I've noticed... Do you understand what they're saying?
I like this music.
I don't know.
Why?
Nobody knows.
I am your friend.
Yes.
Are you my friend?
What are you doing?
He will.
It's bad.
What is hell?
Sounds like your captain's going to get hell when he gets back home.
I understand.
The police shouldn't have started shooting. But you can hardly blame them. You surprised them. They didn't know you were up there. When they saw you, they thought you were here to hurt us.
He was a good friend... The captain took the ship away fast and I was not in the ship.
A friend is a person that is good to you... someone you like to be with... someone you like to laugh with...
I don't understand 'friend.'
Oh, that's terrible. I'm sorry. Was he a good friend?
The captain wanted to land to see close and to get some things from Earth to take home. The police came and shot at us. One of the people from my ship was killed.
The captain...
We told our home, and the people who tell us what to do on my planet said to come and look but not to talk, not to land, not to shoot. Just to look from up there. We came and... the driver of my ship...
Yes.
Yes?
You did? That's funny. So did we.
We were doing a map of the stars and all the other things up there when we saw a small ship. My... eh... we kidnapped it. On it there was a map that said how to come to Earth. This was very important. Before then, we thought we were the only people in all the stars.
Stars... When a sun is far away, we call it a 'star.'
No. My ship was doing a map of all the suns and...
You thought we were a different planet?!
It was a mistake.
Why did your ship land on this planet... on Earth?
I was afraid.
What happened?
It's a kiss...  Goodbye...
What?
Goodbye.
Please stay.
Yes?
Jennyhaydn.
Goodbye.
Yes. I have a long ride ahead of me...  Goodbye.
Go?
Well... I'm going to go now.
Yes.
Don't be afraid. Do what I told you and you'll be okay.
No.
Can I have the gun?
Don't worry. They're not going to hurt you. Come on.  Only show this to the driver. Nobody else. And don't lose it.
Tomorrow morning. Start hitch-hiking right away and...
When do I get to Lathrop Wells?
Not every car, but... a car will stop... Maybe not the first car... maybe number eight, number fifteen...
The car will stop?
Your thumb tells the driver that you want a ride.
You keep this. Now this is hitch- hike...  You stand on the side of the road, the highway... you understand? And you face the cars going in the direction you want to go. When you see a car or a truck coming, you stick out your thumb like this...
'Lathrop Wells, please. I do not speak English.'
Then don't be smart.
Yes.
You want this ticket?
'Las Vegas, please. I do not speak English.' What is hitchhike?
Right. In Omaha the driver will put you on the bus for Salt Lake City and the new driver will take...  ...this part. When you get to Salt Lake City, ask the driver, 'Las Vegas, please'...
I do not speak English.
Will you please do it my way? You'll get into trouble if you don't. If anybody talks to you, tell them... I do not speak English.
But I speak English.
The driver will...
'Salt Lake City, please. I do not speak English.'
Say it.
That's easy. I'll explain that in a minute. This is your ticket. When you get on the bus here, the driver will take this part. You will ride to Omaha. When you get to Omaha, ask the driver. 'Salt Lake City, please. I do not speak English.'
What is hitchhike?
I know that. But the buses don't go there.
But I must go here.
I can't... Forget the baby. Okay? The closest I was able to get you was Lathrop Wells. You'll have to hitchhike the rest of the way.
Why?
I'd love to have a baby. But I can't...
Why?
No... The closest...
Do you have a baby?
Eh... yes...
A baby is a new person?
Yes.
Is that a baby?
The closest I was able to get you was Lathrop Wells...
When we get here.
Do you understand what I'm saying to you? You can keep the car.  That should be enough for gas from here to there. Please let me go.
I feel like I'm going crazy here. You're Scott. But he's dead. I don't know what's real anymore. I can't be here with you.
No.
Then let me go. You don't need me.
No.
You'll keep the car. I'll take a bus...  Am I going up there with you... in your ship... up there?
No.
I won't tell anybody if that's what you're worried about. I promise. You'll keep...
I need you.
That's not much time. I'll just slow you down. I have to sleep. I'm very tired. And I have to wash and eat. You don't...
Three nights... two days.
How many days and nights do you have to go...  ...here?
Yes. Day... night.
Sun... day. No sun... night. You understand?
Yes.
Sun...
How will I do this one?...
I do not understand.
When do you have to be here?
My...  ...car will take me...  ...up there... home.
Why are you going here? What is here?
You better.
I will see it next time.
You didn't even see it.
It was yellow.
That was a red light!! I told you you have to stop at a red light!!
Music.
What?
Horses.
Horses.
Shit!
What's the matter?
This stuff could kill...  Be my guest.
I want to try it.
You want to try it?
I...
A drink.
What is...  ...Coke?
Candy.
What?
Yes.
Money.
No.
Satisfied? Now get out. Out.
Okay.
You. Mouth closed.
In your pocket, please...
Oh God! You're going to get us both killed. Okay... in your pocket...
No.
Attendant. He'll give us gas. Put the gun down. Under the seat. Under the seat...
Who?
Stop!! Enough!! Jesus! You're worse than a parrot!!
Shit... shit... what shit?
No, no... don't say that. Bad word.
Shit?
Shit.
No. I don't know what you are, but you're not Scott.
I am husband?
My... husband.
Who?
I know.
No gas.
Closed.
Gas.
Up there... I... eh... can't explain...  But that's the only place you could be from.
Space?
Are you from up there? Space?
From?
That's a big help. Where are you from?
I am...
Who are you?
Jennyhaydn.
I am Jenny Haydn.
Who is he? Who is she? Who are you? Who am I?  Who are you?
Not what. Who. What is for things.  What? What? What? What? For people you use who. Who is he?  Who is she?  Who are you?  Who am I?
What?
You'll see.
Closed?
It's closed... closed. We need one that's open.
Go.
Yes. Very good.
Gas good?
No gas... car dead.  We need gas. I don't want to get shot for running out of gas.
This car runs on gas.
No gas.
No gas.
You're full of tricks, aren't you?
Minneapolis... good.
What are you doing?
Minneapolis... Minneapolis...
Minneapolis.
What?!
Yes.
Smile... good?
Smile.
What?
We're going to have to stop for gas soon.
Mi-chi-gan driver li-see-ens... Jennyhaydn... Money?
Money.
Money.
X...
What?
Pancakes.
Pancakes.
What?
Coupons.
What?
Flashlight.
What?
That way.
Which way?
Good.
Good.
Steering wheel... gear shift... dashboard...
Police...
Eh... police.
What?!
Dashboard.
Dashboard.
Gear shift.
Gear shift.
Steering wheel.
Steering wheel.
What.
Steering wheel...
Ah no.
Ah... no...
What.
What?
Which way do you want to go?
Please...
Why are you doing this to me? I'll give you whatever...
Please.
Don't... don't do this... please...
Please...
He doesn't understand... just walk away...
Oh God, man... don't shoot me... My mistake... I'm sorry...
Hey, she doesn't want to go with you. Come on.
Help me!!!
Hey buddy... let her go...
Call the police!!
Jesus Christ!! You crazy people...
He's kidnapping me!!!
You could have killed us both!!
Help me!!
Don't worry. I'll be all right.
I have nothing to do. I'd like to help you.
Sure.
Wait. Could I have your autograph?
It's easier not to tell if you don't know.
Why wouldn't he want to go through the roadblock?... What did you guys do?... I won't tell anybody.
Pull over. I've got to get back there.
The five-fifty. We already passed it. But it'll take him way out of his way.
Fly.
If he didn't want to go through the roadblock, is there any other way to get to Vegas?
I'm telling you, you're going to find him at the roadblock, or right after, or not at all.
Would be kinda neat if they were. I think I could outrun them. Maybe get my picture in the papers.
What? No, of course not.
They after you?
This is going to be a real drag. I thought you wanted to go fast.
I don't know where he is.
In the cars, too?!
I told you I'm looking for someone.
Geez, Mrs. Haydn, we just got going.
Slow down, slow down.
My grandmother's rich.
You sure this is your car?
We're ready.
You get that, Lyman?
I did.
Tell him I'm not here.
Maybe he's turned her into one of them. They enter the crowd around the helicopter.
Doesn't make sense.
I know. She bought him a ticket for Lathrop Wells and put him on the bus. He didn't stay on though and they drove off together.
Did your people have any contingencies rehearsed?
Bell wants us to get down on our knees and bow.
Good... It looks like we might be the welcoming committee, so I think we should try and figure out what we're gonna do if we have to come face to face with this creature.
Any reports about monsters, people in Halloween masks, anything like that?
That's because the ones that were hurt, died. They couldn't talk to you.
Give it a rest, Lyman.
This is crazy. What were we going to do if that had been the ship? We have two thirty calibre machine guns, three M16's and some handguns.
I wouldn't worry about it... There might not be any little league tomorrow.
Aghh... I'm supposed to umpire a little league game tomorrow.
Get Fox.
Is it for real?
You jerk! You look at all the sweetness and light and goodness you think'll come out of this. You know what's gonna come out of this... The end of religion, the end of civilization, the end of the earth. We could become slaves, we could become a colony of these things. Don't you see that? Are you too stupid to see that?
You have no conception of this, do you?
Bullshit!
Jesus Lyman, you're an ignorant fool.
Save us all a lot of trouble.
They're gonna let some local cop blow him away.
Then why did they try and sneak in the back door? Tell me that. Why didn't they contact us first and say...
I'm telling you they're probably friendly.
It was the husband. The police finally got a hold of the witness at work and showed him a picture of the woman.
Nothing up there... The grass is matted down in a few places, but that could have been anything.
The police think he was high on drugs...
It was a man though... right?
Listen to this.  A woman was kidnapped in Eau Claire this morning. When a citizen went to her rescue the kidnapper threatened him with a gun and shouted at him in a strange 'clicking gibberish'...
It was kind of like clicking, maybe a language wasn't it?
How would you describe the sounds we heard coming out of that thing's helmet?
I tried it once... Fourteen years ago... 'I was a lousy husband and a worse father. The only thing I'm good at is this... At least until yesterday.
Yes.
To the same woman?
Twenty-eight years.
You married, Major?
I know, but...
It was only an accident that we discovered them.
There's nothing... No reports of sightings or landings or anything... in the other parts of the country or overseas... Seems like a totally isolated incident.
We better get it into the box. Come on...
Oh, Jesus.
I've been investigating sightings for seventeen years, Mr. Shermin. This one's real. We have a dead extra- terrestrial in that tent and another one in the area that might be alive. We've been visited. It's finally happened and the sooner Washington accepts that and starts figuring out how we're going to deal with these beings, the better off we're going to be.
People have made mistakes in these situations before.
After I called in, I had a chance to sit down with the three locals. They swear there's another one that didn't make the ship... It might be alive.
It could have been anything.
No, sir. Radar.
Was there visual contact?
We had a flight of F16's play tag with the spaceship over Michigan for an hour. Then it shot straight up and disappeared.
Wait'll you see it.
There's a good chance you could be wrong about this thing then...
No.
Can you see under the faceplate?
Not on the landscape. We're trying to get a tube under the faceplate for a reading on possible deadly lifeforms but it's hard going.
Any signs of biological contamination, excessive radiation, anything like that?
Very beautiful country up here...
This has always been my favorite time of day.
No.
I'm a cook. Do you understand 'cook?'
I don't understand.
Good job, neither do I. What do you do for a living?
Parlez vous Francais?... Habla Ingles?... Sprechen zie deutsch?
I don't understand.
Hop in.
Las Vegas, please. I do not speak English.
Where are you going?
Scott Haydn is dead. He died about three months ago. We went to the funeral.
I know what I saw. I've seen him enough times.
You know that's impossible!
Well, maybe these men won't think so. We were asleep when a helicopter woke me up. It made me so nervous I went into the kitchen for something to eat. I happened to look out the window and there was Scott Haydn with this green thing draped over his arm pulling Jenny down the walk to the car.
Judy, that's stupid.
I told you...
We will.  Something's wrong here. She's helping him now.
That's what I thought. So remember it was me because sometimes rewards come late, you know.
I wouldn't think so.
Eh... the store tells you to call when there's trouble, so they won't get sued... But that shouldn't matter if there's a reward, right?
Hey... he didn't look like no big time criminal to me.
You saw that?
Hey, it's none of my business why you're chasing a retard... You want my opinion, it's the girl. She had to hold the guy's hand all the way to the car like he was a kid.
Yeah, thanks. We appreciate that.
Because I'm the one who called the police, you know.
Huh?... Eh... no, there isn't
Is there a reward in this?
Hold on a minute... Let's take the chance, George.
If I talk to you, I will miss my ship.
All the roads into Death Valley are blocked. We'd like to talk to you.
I don't want to hurt anybody. I just want to go home.
We can't let you do that.
I must get to my ship, Mr. Shermin.
Hello...
Just not the eyes.
I already got a real one.  Come on, it won't be too bad.  It's not personal.
Okay cash!  Logical.  Here's everything I have on me, what do you say?  How about a Rolex?
Come on, let's go, I got to get back.
It's always politics.  Like this thing we're in here, he's paying you to tune me up, right?  But I could pay you more not to.  See what I mean?  I could write you a check right now--
Bullshit politics.
I saw you play, man.  You were good. Like a fucking freight train I remember saying.  So what happened, injuries or what?
Yeah, that's right.
A star is born.
No problem.
Some tips.  Don't dart your eyes around.  Don't look in the mirror or you'll ID yourself.  OK?  You got a half hour of tape, so give me some lead-in to the main event.  But don't wait too long, I don't want to be going out for popcorn.  And don't act natural.  Don't act at all. Just forget the thing is on.  Got it?
Yeah, right.
Easy, Eduardo, easy.  Preserve a sense of humor at all times.  Okay, the receptor rig... what I'm putting on your head... sends a signal to the recorder.  See we call it "being wired," but there's no wire.  You gotta keep the recorder close... five, six feet away max, like in your jacket pocket by the bed or wherever you're going to close escrow, know what I mean?
Hey, fuck you, man.
Superconducting QUantum Interference Device.  SQUID.  Got it?  There's gonna be a test.
What's all this squid shit?
Okay, let's get you wired up.  I hope this axle grease you got in your hair doesn't screw up the squid receptors.
I live for the moment.
Take her up to the suite.  Have a glass of champagne... or six... I'll be up in a while to help you ring in the New Year.
Well, I'm certainly in the mood for a party.
Maybe later.
Fuck you.
The only time a whore should open her mouth is when she's giving head.
I'd love to.  But he keeps showing up.  And you keep talking to him.  I can't have that--
He doesn't know what's going on. Leave him alone.
Maybe now you appreciate the danger we're in.  It was touching the way you stood by me in there.  "Stand by your man". I was moved.  You were very good.  I don't think he even understands that you did it for him.
You said you were going to get her out of this.
You're going down.
I made my choice, Lenny.
A tragic story, no doubt.  How'd you get up here?
Look, Tran... Lenny just came by to give me some bad news.  An old friend of mine has been murdered. You remember Iris?
Paranoia's only reality on a finer scale.
You're too goddamned paranoid.
He's no concern of mine, as long as you don't talk to him.  Don't talk to anybody.  You understand?  Not with everything that's going on right now.
Leave him alone, Tran.
Lenny the loser.  Panhandler of stolen dreams.
Joey, make sure Mr. Nero gets safely to his car.
We have nothing to talk about, Lenny.
'We might as well make the best of it.'
And then she said, 'Since we're going to be spending so much time together--'
Uh huh.  And I said, 'That's good, because I like the feeling of someone watching me.  I acquired the taste from Lenny.'
I said, 'Yeah.  I'd even do it for free.'
I know.  I don't always do exactly what I'm told.  So I said, 'Do you enjoy watching me?'  And you said -- come on Max.
You were supposed to go downstairs, baby.
My God.
Look, baby, it's now of never... the guy is a known input junkie, so a little OD won't surprise anybody. It's the only way we can be together.  You know it's true.
Hey, he was going to kill you.  And this ratfuck paid to have Iris killed, to save his own sorry ass.
Jesus.
I'm not.  Just a little poach job.
You can't just... kill him.
What're you going to do?
Believe it.  Now bring me the trodes, baby.  Come on, quick.
Oh my God.  I don't believe this is happening.
This piece of puke hired me to kill you, baby.  Do you believe that? Isn't that right, Tran?  You pinhead.
What a nightmare.
The killer knew right where she was. Because he put her there.
You think Tran killed her?
Yeah... he figured out what to do all right.
So finally he gives Iris some cash and tells her to check into the hotel under a wrong name till he figures out what to do.
No.  Mace is in this.
We should talk alone.
How did it happen?  What was Iris doing riding around with Jeriko wearing a wire?
Oh God, Lenny.  I was trying to keep you out of this.
Faith, we know about Jeriko.  Iris made me a copy of the tape.
What's going on?
Tell me.
You don't know what you're fucking with here.
I have a gun.  It's under my bed.
Then what?  Then what, Lenny?!  You going to protect me?  Big tough guy. You're a talker, Lenny.  You don't even have a gun.
Don't know.  But this guy's real damaged goods.  Iris knew someone was after her... and she said you were in danger too.  Now no more games, Faith.  Whatever you're hiding, whatever's going on, you have to get out of here now. Come with me right now.  Don't even think about it.
Who did it?
Iris is dead.  She was murdered.
You're crazier than I thought, Lenny.  Coming here... Tran's just in there.
You know one of the ways movies still have Squid beat?  Because they always say "The End." You always know when it's over.  It's over! Now please leave.  I have to go on again in a couple of minutes.
Can't do it.
Yeah, for about a month now.  Lenny, just stay away from Tran, okay?  And stay away from me.  Stop trying to rescue me.  Those days are over. I'm a big girl now.  Stop trying to save me, okay, because I don't need saving... Just... give up on me.
Max Pelcher?  You're kidding?
You have to get out of here.  If Tran catches you he'll... he's acting crazy.  He's doing way too much playback and he's getting completely paranoid.  He's such a control freak, he's even paying Max to follow me around.
It's you up on that stage, not him. You don't need him.
Damn right.
Look, baby, I've watched you create yourself out of nothing.  You're like a goddamn cruise missile, targeted on making it.  And you will.
Come on, Faith!  He's just toying with you.  And when he gets bored, you'll be yesterday's papers.
Maybe.
What?  He gonna record you on his label?
He has his uses too.
Why don't you just split?  You don't love him, anybody can see that.  And to him you're just some kinda possession, like a Ferrari, something to show the other guys.
That's a good one, coming from you.
It's Tran, isn't it?  This guy is poison, Faith.  Listen to me.  He's got you walled in on all sides.  And he uses the wire too much, he gets off on tape, not on you.
Let it alone, Lenny.  It'll take care of itself.
I know you Faith.  You're afraid of something.  What's going on?
Well I haven't seen her in months. Who knows what's going on in her head.  You're really running out of excuses to come around, aren't you?
Tonight.
You talked to Iris?  When?
Yeah, OK, whatever you say.  Just answer one question.  Is anything wrong?  Iris said you might be in trouble.
You have to go.  I mean it.
I'm already hurting.
I know.  Lenny, if Tran finds you talking to me he'll hurt you.
Hi, baby.  I've missed you.
No, Lenny.
Faith, call me, okay?
I just got to talk to you for one second.
I don't think that's a good idea, Lenny.
Too bad about your guy Jeriko. Tough break.
Cut it out, Tran.
Make me forget it, baby.
Forget it's there.
I don't feel anything.  Is it on?
I just want to see what we're like together through your eyes.
I feel like you're turning me into a VCR.
Watch and see.
Hey, you going to watch or you going to do?
You nervous?  Forget it.  The cops have more to worry about in this city than the squid-trade, believe me--
Yeah, I'm interested, but can we get someplace a little less public?
Step into my office.
What?  Right Here?
Listen, before we get into numbers, I want you to try a taste.  I got a deck with me.
Talk to me about costs, here.
I can get you what you want.  You just have to talk to me.  I'm your priest, your shrink, your main connection to the switchboard of souls.  I'm the Magic Man, the Santa Claus of the Subconscious.  You say it, you even think it, you can have it.  You want a girl, you want two girls?  I don't know what your thing is or what you're curious about... you want a guy?  You want to be a girl... see what that feels like? You want a nun to tie you up?  It's all doable.
Sounds good.
Exactly anything.  Whatever you want.  Whoever you want to be.  Fabri, get us another round, would you.
What kind of things exactly?
That's right.  Clips.  Look, I want you to know what we're talking about here.  This isn't like TV only better.  This is life.  It's a piece of somebody's life.  Pure and uncut, straight from the cerebral cortex.  You're there. You're doing it, seeing it, hearing it... feeling it.
Clips.
I'll set you up, get you a deck at my cost... since my thing is the software.
Just what I've read.  That the technology was developed for the Feds, to replace the body wire.  And now it's gone black market.  So, uh, do I get the deck from you?
A virgin brain!  Well we're going to start you off right.  So what do you know about this?  Save us some time...
No.
That's right.
You understand?  Attorney!  Right? Am I right?
I understand.  No, I'm not.
This dink hires me a month ago to eyeball her, right?  But Faith knows me from you, right, so she comes up to me and says, 'Hey Max why you following me?' I say, 'I'll buy you a drink and explain.' And she says...
How did you hook up with Faith?
Yeah.  Pretty zany, huh?  All this shit caused by a random traffic stop.  Hey... nothing means nothing. You know that.  Look around... the whole planet's in total chaos.  You gotta take what you can, while you can.  Cause some shitbird can come up and put a fuckin' .22 in the back a your head any second.
Just those two loose-cannon cops running around covering their butts.
Naawww.
So there never was a death squad.
You got froggy on me a couple times.
You must be so pleased, I followed your jellybean trail right here, like a good little chump.
No plan is perfect, Lenny.  Hey, cheer up.  World's gonna end in ten minutes anyway.
And who was, regrettably, also your best fucking friend.
Only he doesn't know about me and Faith.  So I say to myself, if I turn the job down, he just gets somebody else.  And I lose Faith... to coin a phrase.  So to buy time, I do the skank.  I still gotta do something about Tran... I figure it's him or me... but I can't cap him without a chump to take the fall.  And who better than his girlfriend's loser ex-boyfriend... a known criminal... who has been seen hassling them in public numerous times.
I know.  So, I'm working for this puke, right?  And he says he'll pay me quite large to do the hooker. But also I gotta do his bitch girlfriend cause she knows the whole score and she's totally out of control.
I won't say anything.
Picture it... I feel like I gotta share this with somebody.  It's too perfect.
You bet.  Did you like it?
Was I a really busy guy?  Did I do Tick too?
That's right.  They'll find the original of her snuff clip in your apartment.  The one I left for you at the club was a copy.
Wait a minute.  Now I'm remembering. I killed Iris too, didn't I?
That's pretty much the way it happened.
So... I killed Tran.  Then you ran in, being on his payroll, and shot me.
You know, statistically that's the second most common word people say right before they die.  Shit being number one.
Jesus!
You just did.
What makes you think I'm gonna kill Tran?
I sent her to the party.  I figured I'd wait up here until you killed Tran.
Where's Faith?
I'll have that.  Glock 22.  Nice.
Only way I could stand your ties.
No.  I suppose not.  I didn't know you were colorblind, Max.
I intend to.
2-2-0-3.  Got it.  Stay on her.
Come on!  If he gives us any shit, we kill 'em all.  Whattya say?  Just get your butt down here.  If I'm not at the shindig downstairs go to the room.  It's 2203.  You writin'?
This is what we laughingly refer to as a plan, right?
Give him the tape.  See?  It's fucking brilliant!  The tape for Faith.  I know he'll go for it.  I can set it up.
What do you mean?
He's got her up in the room, under guard.  And he's still working the party... acting smooth like nothin's nothin'.  So buddy... I say we work a trade.
No.  Bad idea.
Okay... what about Strickland?
Mace... no disrespect... but you run this on the 11 o'clock news, by midnight you got the biggest riot in history.  They'll see the fucking smoke from Canada.
Thanks, buddy.  See... things weren't bad enough.  They weren't fucking bad enough!
Yeah.  So don't walk near me in public, alright.
Jesus.
Smoke.  Rumors.  I've heard stuff about a death squad.  A group a guys loyal to the hardline school.  Guys that've had too many years of city hall and the review boards and the goddamn media pissing down their necks, suspending cops right and left, tying their hands... while outa the other side a their mouths these same people're squealing save us, save us, do something you fucking morons, crime is totally out of control.
What stuff?
All I'm saying... you don't know how high up the food chain this thing goes.  I've heard stuff.
Whattya mean?
No.  But his frontal lobes are like two runny eggs.  They put an amplifier in-line to boost the signal till it french-fried his brain.
Is he dead?
He's been cooked-off
You may be a little overdressed for this party.  Yo, Tick!  It's Lenny.  Open up!
Sounds like Tick's already celebrating.
I'm on her, amigo.  No worries. Gotta jam.
He's in this somehow... I don't know how.  Just stay close to Faith.
Yup.  Hey, so I heard you dropped in on Tran last night.  Another slick Lenny move.
Looks like she was holding out.
Yeah.  She's leaving with Tran so I got to boogie.  Real quick... Iris checked into the Sheraton last night under a false name.  Paid cash.
Faith OK?
W'sup, Max?
Hey, the last day of the world and you spend it in bed.
Why me?
That's right.  He wants to share. Needs an audience.  This is one sick puppy.
He makes her see her own death, feeds off the reaction... killer and victim merging... orgasm and agony merging.  And he records it all.
Top ten.
But this is a bad one.
So've I.  Too much.
So she feels... what he feels... while he's in her.  The thrill while he's killing her... is sent to her, heightening her fear... which in turn heightens the turn on for him.  I've seen a lot, Max.
But at the same time he's sending the signal to her--
He records himself raping and killing her--
And he records it.  Thrill kill. Wants to see it again.  And again.
He stalks her.  He rapes her.  Then he does her...
Come on, Lenny.  You used to be good at this stuff.  Play it down. What's the perp doing?
Not now... I don't want to think about it--
Let's work it.
Yeah.  No, not really.
You alright?  Y'okay?
I'm on her.
Fairly twisted logic, Max, even for you.  Hey, at least you got a job!  Watch her for me.  Stay on her.
I figured, what the hell, I could take the prick's money and make sure Faith was OK at the same time.  Do us both good.  Right?
You should feel like shit.
I was gonna tell ya.  Hey, it's just a job.  I feel like shit about it.
Shoulda told me about your new gig, buddy.
Shutup a second!
I'm telling ya, it's over.  We used it all up--
An ex-cop that doesn't carry.  It's embarrassing.  I oughta not be seen with you.  Hey, Mace.  What's goin' on?
Uh unh, carrying a gun wrecks the line of a fine jacket.
See, if you packed your piece you could've made the guy see sense.
Hey, Iris, you okay?
I just hate to see you pining away. It makes me want to vomit, frankly.  Broken hearts are for assholes.
Thanks, Max.  I'm touched by your concern.
Just as well, Lenny.  You gotta get past it.  I mean sure, Faith was by far the most outstanding woman a guy like you could ever hope to get, I mean it's completely and deeply humiliating that she's gone, but it's over, campadre.
Naw.  She won't call me.
Yup.  So darn lucky.  I wake up with a .22-short floating in my brainpan, and a cop pension I can't live off of.  Good thing I wasn't any luckier.  Bobby!  Another shooter right here!
You were lucky, Max.
It's the one thing that stands between me and the jungle.
That's not sayin' much.
This tie cost more than your entire wardrobe.
D'you always have to dress like a fuckin' pimp?
Thanks, Max.
Bobbyyyy!  Tequila por favor! Double shots.  Make it Tres Generaciones, huh.  Nothin' but the best for my good friend Lenny, the finest cop that ever got thrown off the vice squad.  Hey, nice tie.
Least you can do.
Come on, amigo, the world's full of marks.  And nobody knows how to work 'em like you do, pal.  You could sell a goddamn rat's asshole for a wedding ring!  Let me buy you a drink.
Okay.  It was funny.  But it cost me money.
You see the look on that preppy puke's face?  Fuckin' pissed in his Topsiders.
She never gave me a tape.
I don't know, man, she wouldn't let me see it.  Said I wouldn't want to see it.  She said she was going to give it to you to hold for her. Like insurance or somethin'
What clip?  What was it?
Yeah, she came by last night. Shaking like a junkie, wanting me to make a copy of some clip.
Wait, wait... wait a minute.  Iris was here?!
Iris, man.  Pay attention.
Who was just here?
Well, it's cutting awful close to me.  I mean she was just here.
What?
Lookit, you see the peak period ratios there?  Could be some kind of tumor or brain lesion or something. Some kind of trauma  This is not good.  I don't like this at all...
Well... the guy's fucked up.
Skip the art criticism, Tick, what can you tell me about the wearer.
Whoa.  That is one unbelievable piece of eyefuck.
What else you got?
Ha!  That's for fucking sure.
I said that?  Look, I'll take it for five, and you'll make out okay, because in this case it's pure cream, you don't have to cut anything back to the wearer.
Hey, you're always saying, 'Bring me real life.  Bring me street life. And, like, one man's mundane and desperate existence is another man's Technicolor.'
Sure, like this low-grade shit here, some girl in a fight with her boyfriend... it's a test-pattern. Nothing happens.  I'm snorin'.
Now that is cold, Lenny.  I always bring you choice.
Yeah, well, the first part's okay. Better than the usual soaps you bring me.
Give me six at least.  This's a good clip, here.  Gets you pumpin'.
Come on, Lenny.  I got expenses.  I got to get this rig fixed.  Look at it...
So lay it off to somebody else.
Yeah, when did that start?  Come on, man!  It's what people want to see, and you know it.
I don't deal black-jack clips!  It's policy.  I got ethics here.
Fuck that!  The last part's the best.  You dry-dive six stories and blammo!  Jack right into the Big Black.
Tick.  Not to dash your hopes, but I don't deal this kind of product, you know that.  I'll give you four for it, cause I've gotta cut off the last bit.  And my customers want uncut.
I got ways, Lenny, I got ways.  Okay, okay... I got a deal with some a the paramedics.  My guy pages me and I pick it up at the morgue.  So whaddya think?  This clip's gotta be worth at least a grand.  Right?
Yeah, but how'd it get to you?
With all the blood I guess they didn't see the rig.  Guy had it under a wig.
How'd you get the tape?  Why didn't the cops put it in evidence?
Sorry.
Well you could've at least warned me.  You know I hate the zap... when they die.  It just brings down your whole day.  Jeez, Tick.
Don't have a fucking coronary, Lenny.
I do mean it.  And I mean this... if Faith stays you go away and never come back. You scuttle back into your cockroach hole and never cross my vision again.  You understand?
It's alright.  He means it.
Uh huh.  Look, Nero.  I'll make you an offer.  Take her.  Right now.  If she wants to go, if she's unhappy here, she can go.  I'll let her choose.  Faith always knows what she wants.  Hands off.  See?
Charm.
That would be between me and Faith, wouldn't it?
About what?
Faith, can I talk to you a second?
I always do.
Yeah, important for your label. Which no doubt is why you're in mourning.  Don't worry, his records'll sell out now he's dead. You'll make out.
Show a little respect, Nero.  The man was an important artist.
I already got everything I need from you.
You're not a client anymore, Tran. I wouldn't sell you the sweat off a dead dog's balls.
You come to peddle me some tapes, Lenny?  For old time's sake?  Make a couple bucks for the holidays?
Your existence.
Your sex life?
I don't like disappointments, Nero. And do you know what disappoints me very much?
I was invited here by a close friend, Mr. Fumitsu, see he's right over there.
Aren't you peddling your wares a little far from your usual gutter?
Sure.  Whatever.  See, since you shitcanned my career, I don't even have to call you sir.  One of life's small pleasures.
Commissioner Strickland.
Strickland.
Nero.
Yeah.  See you there.
See you downtown.
Well...  Get going.  You're still bleeding.
Yeah.  We did.
Hey, Lenny.  We made it.
Naw.  They just have to ask us a few questions... for about six hours.
Are we under arrest?
Yeah, right.  Fucked.
Then we'll be right where we are now.
Oh boy.  What if you're wrong?
No.  Trust me.
A cop?  You want me to trust a cop?!
Take it to him.
Exactly.  That's why it's a make- able deal.
That's the original.  There are no copies.
I still got one ace to play.  Tran's got what I want... and I've got what he wants...
And do what?  Take on his whole posse?
Alright.  We're going up.
Uh unh.
You see Tran?
No.  They must have sent it to my beach house by mistake.
Got your ticket?
Good, Lenny.  I can see why the detective gig didn't work out.  Come on.
Mace... you're a girl.
No, it's not.
But she was different.  There was a light in her eyes... and she had this voice.  It was scary, all that pain coming out of that little body. Like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice.  I helped her.  And I promised her that I'd always be there... to protect her.  See?  It's not about what's in her head.  It's what's in mine.  I can't let go of the promise.  It's... like... it's all I have left.
You never told me.
I worked Vice, Narcotics... Violent Crimes... and I saw every known depravity.  I was lost, Mace.  In outer darkness.  Then I busted this strung-out little teeny-hooker. When I met Faith she was just another runaway giving twenty dollar blowjobs to buy crank.  Another lost soul.
No.  It didn't.
And it didn't stop you from wanting to protect them.  Did it?
I guess.
It didn't stop you from loving them. Right?  Or understanding them, or being able to forgive them...
Yeah.  Lenny.  I have.
Lenny... shutup.  Just park your mouth and listen.  It's a set-up. Think about it!  Why's he been sending you tapes?  To freak you, get you to rush in without thinking. Then they put one in you, put one in her, put the gun in your hand... crime of passion.  This guy's bent enough to think of that.
Whatya mean?  We're going!  Tran's gonna do her right there unless--
I'm not going.
Okay, we gotta get over there.  Can you borrow a dress from Cecile or something--
Why didn't he just go public with the tape?  Save himself that way.
Kinda guy you can count on in a pinch.
Deputy Commissioner Palmer Strickland.  The sanctimonious prick who busted me out.  His ass is so tight when he farts only dogs can hear it.  I know this guy.  If there's one cop who's not dirty it's him.
Who's Strickland?
Yeah, right, blow it open.
The only card we have to play is the tape.  You know, we get it to the media somehow...
How long does it last?  Oh.
He's totally cut off from the outer world.
To break the trail.  If those cops had gotten hold of her, they would have beat it out of her who she was wearing for, and then gone after them too.  Our killer is running as scared as we are.  Which makes him really dangerous.  Judging by how scared I am.
Why?
I don't think those cops did Iris. I think whoever Iris was wearing for killed her.
I still can't square the psycho smarts of whoever did Iris with those two cops.
It was a tough call.
Yeah.  You gave up your hot tub tape to save me.  That's real progress for you.
There's a plus side?
Well, look at the plus side.
So, let's see, I've got Tran's goons, some squidhead psycho and the LAPD all trying to kill me.  Happy new year, Lenny.
Maybe.  But tonight is probably not the best night.  Come on, we're rollin'.
People finding out... seeing... that the LAPD just flat out executed Jeriko One.  Jesus.  Maybe they ought to see.
I've got a good idea, yeah.
You know what this tape could do if it gets out.
We got to make another copy of this. Little life insurance.
Yeah I know.  So what do we do?
I see.  I see the earth opening up and swallowing us all.
Hang on.  Hang on, Max.  You see?
Mace.  I know what you think about the wire.  But I'm asking you to do this.  It's that important.
Uh unh.  I won't do it.
I can't tell you.  You've got to see.
Tell me.
It's the walk.  Something.  Anyway, they'll run your plates and get your address.  We gotta keep moving.
You sure?
Those two guys were cops.
Yeah, me neither.  It was one of my favorites.  Me and Faith in a hot tub on my birthday.  I'm going to really miss it.
I can't believe we had to give them the damn tape.
Fire's out, isn't it?
Are you out of your fucking mind?!
The gas tank's going to go any second!
This is bad.
It's okay, Lenny  They'd never get here in time anyway.
Goddamnit!!  911 is busy!
Lenny.  Calm down.  This is what I do.
Bullet resistant?  Whatever happened to bullet proof?
Take it easy.  The glass is bullet resistant.
Shit!
It's in my case.  Okay?  I'm going to open my case...
Lenny, give them the tape.
Something in your car...
She wanted to go out to my car, something about my car...
Think back about what she said. Exactly what she said.
Easy, there, Mom.  Easy.  This is audio only.  John Coltrane.  "A Love Supreme." Give it a listen, let me know what you think, maybe you won't go for it now, but it'll get in your head and grow like a seed into something really beautiful.
Lenny, have you lost it completely?
No shit.  You got someplace in mind?
You better keep a low profile for a while.
Mace, the guy had a knife.  To my throat.  In my living room. Relaxing might be right out, okay?!
Will you relax.  There's nobody back there.
This tie doesn't go with blue!
What is it?
Anywhere.  We'll talk about it in the car.
Where we going?
Jesus, Mace!
Whatup Lenny?
S'okay.  I know you still love me.
I'm sorry about getting on your case earlier.  I just see you getting sucked in deeper and deeper, and I -- anyway.  I'm sorry.
OK.  He asks about you all the time. It's been weeks since you've seen him.
How's Zander?
Sure.
The question is not whether I am paranoid, but whether I am paranoid enough.  You want to rub my neck?
Now you're really getting paranoid.
And what about the guy that was following me?
That's where it gets a little strange.
Because it had to look random.  Not connected to anything or anyone.  But then why give the rape to me?
Okay, so he's a freak who thinks he's sane pretending to be a freak. The point is, he was a hitter. Somebody wanted to shut her up.  But why not just put a little lead in her ear?
If he could do what's on that tape, he's a sicko.
So the guy's not a sicko.
She said "If they get me".  They. Which means the whole sex-killer thing is a cover, which means somebody whacked her for a reason.
Because Iris knew somebody was after her.
No it doesn't.
But that doesn't add, does it.
See, it's all about what they see walking in.  A dead hooker, handcuffs, penetration... they'll see a trick gone wrong.  Random kill.  The kind you never solve.
It's not your fault.
She came to me for help.  I should have read it better... I just figured, y'know... another strung- out hooker having a bad night.
Yeah.  I'm ghosting pretty bad.
No more, Lenny.
I need to see more... get more detail.  Something.  I feel his presence, so strong...
Don't crank the gain any more. You're gonna fry yourself.
It gives me... I don't know... maybe two hundred people who I know wear.
So that gives you something.
He knows what he's doing.  He's worn before... a lot.
Never really thought about it.
You ever wonder why you get beat up a lot?
Is this great fabric or what?
So some psycho wire-freak gets to keep running around--
Uh unh.  No way!  They'd crucify me.
This guy is someone you know, one of your squid-head contacts.
Jesus, Mace.  Back off.
I've never dealt in black-jacks. Never.  Everybody knows that.
Cause you're the man, right?  The Magic Man.  If it's got something to do with the wire, sooner or later it washes up on your beach.
Wants to share.
And gives it to you.
Are you sure it's real?
Snuff clip.  It was Iris.  She said she needed my help and I... aw Jesus, Mace... the sick fucker killed her.
Blackjack?  I don't understand--
Black.  Jack.
My God, Lenny.  What is it?
Go to the Sunset Sheraton.  RIGHT NOW!  Just go!  GO!
What is it?
No idea.
What's that?  Present from Faith?
It is my sword and my shield, Macey.
What I'm saying.  But you still come out this goofball romantic.
I have crawled through the gutter... through every wrinkle in the human brain.
You're some piece of work, you know that.  Just calmly backstroking around in the big toilet bowl, and somehow you never let it touch you. I mean, between Vice and this so- called occupation you're in now, you must've seen it all.
You'll see.
Destiny?  You living in a perfume commercial?  She's a hard-climber that dropped you like a used tampon when she got a better ride.
She's my destiny.
She thinks you're a bucket of dog vomit.  Trust me on this.
She still loves me.
Forget her.
Rams... that's football, right?
Guy named Wade Beemer.  Used to be a running back for the Rams in '96 and '97.
Who's the new side of beef in Tran's posse?
Sure, Lenny.  The only thing worse than a junkie is someone in love.
Begging?  Groveling?  Any pathetic behavior at all?  Will that help? Faith's there tonight, and I've got to talk to her.
Jesus, Lenny.
Macey, I know you're tired, but can you drop me at the Retinal Fetish? It's on your way.
Yeah.  I don't see a way out of it.
You still like me, don't you?  We're still buddies?
Look, I gotta get some sleep.
I know you wouldn't be saying all this if you didn't care about me. Thanks, Mace.  Really.
Lenny, you're turning into some kinda squid-head low-life.  You're always broke, you just go from one score to the next.  And you're getting strung out... you don't even see it.  Getting high on your own supply like some crack dealer.
Macey... I've never seen you like this.
No, you're just trying to get off.
So am I.  Just trying to get by.
No, see a friend is more than one person constantly doing favors for another.  You just suck people along with your schemes and your scams and your slick act.  Well I'm out.  I got a kid, I got rent, I got an ex- husband someplace who doesn't send me a dime of support... I'm just trying to hold on here.
I thought we were friends.
Okay, you got my attention, but this is cutting off the circulation to my head, here.  D'you mind?
I've had it.  No more wirehead shit in my car.  You understand?  You want to poach your lobes, do it somewhere else.
That would be no.
Get it.
I need my case.  It's still in the back.
In LA?  Are you crazy?
I've had enough of this shit.  You're on foot, Lenny.
Hey, careful on the jacket.  This is Armani.  You angry?
Let's talk in the car.
Are we having a bad night?
You will not live to see the morning.
Coming with you.
What the fuck are you doing?
Mr. Fumitsu, good evening sir, Leonard Nero, Security Express. Lornette Mason here is just completing our routine driver evaluation.  We do it to make sure that out VIP clients, such as yourself, are always treated as honored guests.  I just need to ride up front and take some notes, if you don't mind.
Fumitsu.
What's his name?
Define love.
Yeah, but that was for love.
Me bailing your sorry pale ass out of jail twice in the last six months.
Define illegal.
Lenny, this shit's illegal.
Everybody needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometime, it's what we are.  But now the risks are outa line.  The streets are a war zone.  And sex can kill you.  So you slip on the trodes, you get what you need and it keeps you from jumping your tracks.
Price he pays for being a scumsucking pig.
Okay, take some executive... bored with his life, bored with his wife... he picks up a hooker or some girl at a bar.  Then he goes around for months, torn up worrying that he's got AIDS, that he'll infect his wife.  And maybe he really does catch something--
Uh huh, I wanna hear this part.
Way I look at it, I actually perform a humanitarian service.  I save lives.
Buncha techno-perv jerkoffs.
No, wrong... I sell experiences. Sex is only part of it.
So, what's up with you?  Another busy night selling porno to wireheads?
Driving Mr. Lenny.
Mace!  You're a life-saver.
Jeez, you're pathetic.  Okay, I got a pickup at the St. James.  I'll take you there, you can get a cab.
Lenny, this may be a hard concept for you, but friends don't have to pay their friends.
Mace, you're my friend.  I need you. Plus I'll give you 25% of what I make tonight.
Excuse me.  What part of NO don't you understand?
Just a couple of hours.  It'll be fun--
Sleaze to peddle.
Come on, Mace.  This is gonna be a big night.  Can't you feel it?  The energy in the air?  There's money to be made, dreams to sell.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.  I said I'd drop you home, but I'm not taking you on your sleazoid rounds.  I've already pulled twelve hours today.
Thanks for giving me a ride.  I just have a few stops, mostly on the west side--
They jerked my wheels, d'you believe it?  I mean it's outrageous, the computer errors the banks are making lately.  Have you noticed?
Greetings, gents.  So let's hear this week's sad story.
Aw, Mom!
We're going to aunt Cecile's, honey. We're going to watch fireworks from there.  Let's go.  Chop chop.
Well give me some then... I'm starving.
Cheerios and wieners.  I made it myself.  It's good.
What is that?
Are you going to make me beg?
Right.  That explains it.
Just Lenny.
Where were you Mom?  Did you meet a guy?
You really want that on your head?
Yeah, well maybe it's time for a war!
Fine.  Do you want blood running waist deep in the storm drains?  The gangbangers'll spread like a wave through this city and burn it to the ground.  And when the fires start the street cops'll be capping off at anything that moves.  It'll be all- out war and you know it.
So you're saying we just pretend is didn't happen?  It happened!  The LAPD executed one of the most important black men in America!  Who the fuck are you to bury this?!
There's more to this whole thing than you think.
This seems a little sophisticated for them.  These are not subtle guys.
Those two psycho cops are on a slash-and-burn to find the tape and cover their tracks.
Take the tape to the cops.
Problem is, Lenny knows everybody.
Maybe he just figures Lenny will appreciate what he's created.  It's the dark end of the street, Lenny. How do you like it now?
He's skull-fucking you, bud.  Trying to get a reaction.  Maybe pushing you to do something.
Sssssh!  Not in front of Lenny.  You may trigger a maudlin display which will force us to tranquilize him.
But I mean isn't he Faith's new-- 
Yup.  He was Jeriko's manager.  Bummer, Tran!  Lost your golden goose.  Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Hey, isn't that Tran Vo?
Sucks.  Hey, Bobby, turn that up.
No.  I haven't noticed because I make my payments.  So, Max Pelcher, how's the P.I. business?
The bearded guy, the creep. Oh, one other thing. Testa, if that's his name, he kept mentioning my feet. Said I had very pretty feet.
Testa?
To be honest, when I'm working, I don't look at faces much. He knew the guy's name.
Besides that.
Um... he was older.
Was this him?
Of course. He knows everything about Dick Low.
Does Koessler know about the Suspect Zero theory?
You got that right. Low became obsessed with the Green River murders, the case had been inactive for ten years at that point. He argued the Green River Killer had actually become Suspect Zero, this master murderer who killed without pattern, killed literally hundreds of victims -- male, female, old, young, straight, gay -- and who was still killing, even though there were no bodies. It went against everything we knew. Low became increasingly paranoid. Every suspect was potentially Suspect Zero. Anybody tried to talk sense into him, he'd accuse them of being out to get him. Deputy Director Koessler was "out to get him." The decision was made to relieve him.
Pacific Northwest is a hotbed for serials.
...well, there was some friction: I wanted to write up my work, educate the public, but Koessler wouldn't allow it. Low felt Koessler was more interested in career advancement than catching killers. Koessler had Low reassigned to the Pacific Northwest, Seattle. You know when they say, stick it where the sun don't shine? That's where they stuck Dick Low.
Before your time. It was Richard Low's brainchild, or, lack-of-brain child. The Behavioral Sciences Unit at Quantico is essentially the product of three men: David Koessler, Dick Low and myself. Low was a field agent, Koessler administrative, I was teaching criminology. Low came up with the concept of a serial killer's signature. He invented profiling. Everything we know about profiling started with Richard Low...
No.
Zorro. Yes, ran it through my files, even asked around: came up completely blank. Thought there might be a Mexico connection, El Paso and all, but nothing. Fooled around with the letter "Z," turned it on it's side, got "N" -- there Ng, he's Vietnamese. The only thing that came to mind was zero, not Zorro. Remember Suspect Zero?
Have you had a chance to think about --
The diner?
No, sir.
Anybody talk to the press?
Just mopping up. Nine bodies in all.
Agents Duncan, Mackelway.  Anything new?
I'm babysitting the DEA guys this afternoon, Casio and I. You said that was top priority.
Agent Duncan, there's an interstate issue up on 54, run out there.
Yeah.
Takes four days to chill, then its time to come back.  Is that...?
Welcome back, sir. How was the vacation?
Winona.
I want the autopsy report, where is it, Minnesota?
She's buried.
You have the body?
Her body turned up. In a Minnesota cemetery. They brought her back.
What?
You heard?
I want to talk about the Karen Sumpter case.
Hi there.
Sheriff Dylan, this is FBI Agent Thomas Mackelway. Remember me?
Dylan here.
Got a sister like this, what they call it, anal? That's her.
Tape it off, we'll want to fine-tooth- comb it. My guess is that the UNSUB is having us on. He checks in, pays, picks up the key, but never walks inside. Tell me if I'm wrong.
Show's over, boys. Nobody home.
And it's getting dark. I'm not going to run this into the night.  Eddie, we're walking in. Everything covered?
The room key's in the car. On the seat.
Let's take a look.
I sent a female in. The room in question was rented by an Anglo, cash; since then, nothing -- no activity, no phone response.
What does the Manager say?
Down the road a piece is the Golden Sunset, the no-tell motel, Socorro's contribution to international relations. The car's just sitting there, no activity. I've had a couple Hispanic officers casing it all day. Want to take a look?
Hey, Sheriff.
I'm on my way.
No bad news. You know the Be On the LookOut you asked me to send on the diner car -- we got a hit on it. A little town on the border, Socorro. We got it staked out -- you interested?
You tell me.
What's the bad news?
Oh Jesus, Sheriff, I am sorry. I meant to call you -- I got distracted -- the Sumpter girl was not one of Speck's victims. That's the good news.
Mack, this is Sheriff Dylan.
Agent Mackelway.
I just assumed she ran away. Happens a lot around here. Look around. This place is an invitation to run away.
This isn't in our database?
Who knows.
You're thinking...?
Her name is Karen Sumpter, from near Dell City. Just disappeared a couple weeks back. Vanished.
I know how the Feds like to sit on information. I got something in the car to show you.
I'd appreciate it if you kept this to yourself.
Nine bodies in Roswell, now this -- it's getting a little hairy, huh?
That's right, Jan.
I hope that wasn't a joke because I can assure you, from personal experience, the FBI does not have a sense of humor.
Ten miles back on the Texas side.
Where's the Nuevo American Diner?
Well, the victim was killed at the turn-around over there, then his car was pushed over here...  ...right across the state line. That makes it Federal. This is Officer Wallace, he's out of Alamogordo.
Excuse me, a salesman gets done in his car and you call the FBI?
Fella's name is Harold Speck, travelin' man out of Roswell.
You run the plates?
We need to run this through VICAP, search for similar burns.
A grill pattern.
Turn the body over. There was something in the autopsy report, yes, here.  These burn marks.
The body was embalmed. I don't understand --
I'm sorry. This won't take long.
The family has gone through a lot. Their daughter missing, the search, her body found, the funeral -- then this order to exhume the corpse.
That's the thing. Don't know if it connects, but Harold here had a thing about eyes. Two of the victims had their eyes gouged out, another punctured. Took polaroids after.
Ripped off. By hand, my guess. Perimortal: victim was alive at the time, there's blood on his throat.
This is Agent Mackelway.
Be my guest, Agent Kulok, scrub suits are in the back.
I appreciate it, doctor. You know how it is, press screaming for answers, Washington's all over me.  Ever handle a serial case?
We had to bring staff in from the whole county to handle this.
I'm not in the mood for Native American wisdom.
Ligature strangulation, just like his victims. A cord, nylon, you can tell by the indentation signature -- again, like his victims.  Look at that little thing and look at all the trouble it got him in. Should have cut it off.
Not as much as you'd think.
Oh yes, I see. You must get asked this a lot.
It's been customized for sleeping capacity.
You can't imagine how many men have told me that.
Mam, it's my truck. I know my own capacity.
I have 6 tons.
Not a discrepancy, an error. My capacity is 5.5 tons, not 6.
There seems to be a discrepancy.
Why me? What do you want from me!?
I've been looking for you.
What do you want from me?
You're going to miss it. Pay attention.
Oh God, mister, please leave me alone.
Calm down, Harold.  Okay, here's what we're going to do, Harold: there's a pull off up ahead, we're going to stop there.
What's wrong with me?
You're a... you're sick.
Not bad, huh?
My God.
Take a look, Harold. Tell me if you see anything you want. You do like to look, don't you?
Look, mister...
Fucking. I'm talking about fucking, Harold. You ever think of fucking other women?
What are you...?
You know, you ever think about other women?
Excuse me?
You must get lonely. You ever think about, you know... 
Look...
About your being away all the time. Must get lonely.
What?
Just gettin' a jolt of java before headin' on home?  How does your wife feel about it?
I don't mean to be rude, but...
Whole country or just hereabouts?
Yeah.
You must travel a lot, huh?
Ah... restaurant supplies. I didn't get your name.
Sorry. I've seen you in here. Always lugging that case around.  Whatja sell?
You... surprised me.
Hi. What's in the case?
Jesus.
Put a BOLO out on that.
An old junker. Like a reservation car. Blue, side door with brown, you know, primer paint. New Mexico plates. A Ford or ah, yeah, a Ford.
What kind?
There was a car in the lot when we closed. Gone today.
It's been wiped down a hundred times since then.
He was sitting here?
He had an orange hat on.
How did you know he was a construction worker?
I didn't wait on him. Fifty or so, white, regular build, needed a shave -- that's all I remember.
What did he look like?
Yes.
The man who was with him, he was a construction worker?
This could all be a coincidence, but, you know something, I don't believe in coincidences. That's why I came back.  Do you think the UNSUB -- we're not going to mention the word Zorro -- met Harold Speck online?
Just hospital talk. Nothing that connects to Speck.
Don't say that. Don't even think that. The next thing we'll be hearing about "Zorro Killer" in the media -- this hasn't gotten out, has it?
Maybe something to do with Zorro.
He said it was a clue?
Let's take a look at it.  Drop off my stuff at the hotel after you're done here.
At the field office.
You have the photo from the diner?
What's with the eyelids?
Nada. Vague description, that's all. Fine-tooth-combed Speck's car, the diner: no fingerprints, no trace evidence.
What about his killer?
Speck's the killer all right. We got box loads of evidence. Did 'em all the same way: torture, strangulation. Prostitutes. I don't think we'll be able to write off any outstandings on him -- this is probably the full body count.
Just step outside, sir. Now. Keep your hands where I can see them.
Mackelway, I could understand. He is over-emotional by nature, but you, Agent Kulok, you had a shining career in front of you.
Please.
What are you doing?
Deputy Director, get out, sir.
Serial killer killed. In Ft. Myers. Cut up in his van. And this time we got a witness.
Another what?
We have another one.
What?
Sorry to interrupt you, sir, but I thought you'd like to know.
Smarter than us.
Maybe cause he's smart.
We didn't know Speck was a serial, the police didn't know, his wife didn't know -- so how did the killer know?
Just an observer.
Chuck, hello.  This is Agent Kulok. She has a background in medical forensics.
You're as crazy as he is! He's right! You don't give a damn about saving lives at all! Fuck you!
Dick Low's a killer too.
There's a killer out there -- we know who he is. He could be stalking now.
Hawkins isn't the target, Richard Low's the target.
What about Zero, Darryl Hawkins?
We'll wait. Get online with Low, inform him of Zero's route -- we'll set a trap for him.
I can't. The chat room isn't open for another five days.
Have you told Richard Low about Amarillo?
I need to get to Amarillo immediately.
He's got you believing in Zero now too.
As far as the public knows, Richard Low is dead. And he will stay dead until we kill him.
I understand.
Watch out for Dick Low, he's a liar; he has his own world. There was a Junior Agent in Seattle, not unlike you, an Agent who fell under Dick's spell. He'd have done anything for Agent Low. Richard got this Agent to take a suspect to the crime scene, beat him up, force a confession -- all unauthorized, all illegal.  The Agent died that night, killed by the suspect. Richard Low got him killed. Worst of all, we had to hush it up, let the suspect go. The suspect was George Sheldon, the second man Richard killed.
In Ft. Myers before your instruction. Nowhere else, sir.
There was talk of a file photo.
I didn't use Low's name.
That breaks my confidentiality stipulation.
I was looking for a pattern.
I'm told you've asked for a Bureau cross-check of flight records to and from El Paso, Ft. Myers, Omaha, the Murman murder time frames.
An oversight, sir, I apologize. I felt I needed to get away for a day. The pressure. Paid for my own ticket.
You didn't tell anyone where you were?
I was visiting an old college friend.
Why did you go to Chicago?
I want to catch Dick Low, more than you can imagine, but I cannot risk going public. What happens when the media finds out that a former FBI Special Agent, a founder of the Behavioral Sciences Unit, is not dead, but instead alive and killing people, not ordinary people, but, even worse, serial killers, making him some sort of white knight vigilante?  You keep at it. We'll find him, we'll find him in our own way.
Huh?, sir.
How do you send out an APB on a dead man?
We need to put out an NCIC inquiry.
We're waiting for trace evidence results on the Rice killing.
Collected shoes too?
I got a look in Testa's computer. His screen name was "Imelda." Have to give him that, had a sense of humor.
It was neither a valid concept nor a valid fact. Suspect Zero came to represent every killer Dick Low had not caught. The idea took root in his head like a wild irrational vine. For someone like Low, there would always be a Suspect Zero. We couldn't let Richard go where that idea was taking him.
What did you think of the Suspect Zero theory?
I suspected, but you were the one Low contacted. That's why I brought you back here.
You knew the arm slash was not "Zorro."
Both in the last year. I suspected only someone as brilliant as Dick Low could find these guys.  Look, whatever Daitz told you, nobody wanted to strip Richard of his badge. You have to get close to be good at what he did, the trick is not to get too close.
How long ago?
Dunlevy said there was another case, Ron Rice. In fact, there were two earlier cases where serials were murdered. The second was George Sheldon. I didn't enter it into VICAP -- I'll get you the file.
You suspected all along, suspected he was alive. That's why you came to El Paso.
We had every reason to believe he was on that plane. He was supposed to be on the plane. Everything was incinerated, it was two weeks before we reached the crash site. We, the Director and I, decided it was in everyone's best interest to declare Dick Low dead. That way he could exit a hero.
"Was?"
That gasbag. I can imagine what he said. I'm not ashamed to admit that most of what I know about criminal profiling started with Richard Low. I have also, over the years, I admit, taken credit for many of his accomplishments. He was the most brilliant law enforcement individual I ever met.
I spoke with Lloyd Daitz.
"Murman" was the alter identity of William Heirens, the original "Catch Me Before I Kill Again" killer. Short for "Murder Man." It was the case that got Richard Low and I started in this field.
Mack the Mouth at a loss for words.
I'm hesitant to...
I don't believe this.
Nothing concrete. Nothing I'd... well, nothing.
Okay, Harold Speck: who goes first?
Had trouble sleeping last night, sir.
You feeling okay, Agent Mackelway?
They like my stories. They like the way I think. They're into fantasy. I turn them on.
I always meant to ask, what is it that makes you so special? Why is it you have this special rapport with multiple killers? Why you?
What I do requires confidentiality.
I'll take it into consideration.
If my Reporting Agent could be someone outside Computer Crimes, perhaps Agent Kulok?
You didn't like anyone looking over your shoulder -- why was that? What were you doing?
This time, sir, if I may be so bold, would it be possible to set up my equipment outside CIIAC, perhaps in military housing at Quantico? I didn't get along very well with the other members of the Division. We thought differently.
Agent Mackelway, you're going to get your wish. You're going back to Washington. I want you back in Computer Crimes. Fire up those chat rooms.
Go ahead.
The cut on your arm -- mind if we remove the bandage?
No, just coincidence. He knew who I was, of course. He had my ID -- did he keep it?
Do you think he singled you out?
He got away. I had him. He got away.
Agent Kulok and I were in O'Hare when we heard.
Pretty embarrassed, to be honest. I had him.
How do you feel, Agent
Then why do I still have a badge?
Its called insubordination.
I was lucky to find, much less crack, the address code -- no way to be sure I could have done it again.
You refused to comply with a direct order.
Let some by-the-book J. Edgar Agents go into the chat room, spook these guys with stupid questions, blow my cover? -- no way.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is not based on personal preference. We share information.
I had gotten their trust. We were sharing fantasies. I couldn't risk it.
I might point out, Agent Mackelway, the reason we haven't been able to crack those rooms is that you refused to share that information with us -- which is also why you were reassigned.
They don't know how to crack these secret chat rooms --
I'll relay this to CIIAC.
MyDick.
From the grave?
Speck. Harold Speck.
Who?
I think I talked to him.
This better be important.
Look, sorry. Don't say a word.  I know this is improper. I've been trying to speak with Deputy Director Koessler. I left a message. I must speak with you before you go back to Washington.
You have to save this boy. Good exists in this world. I can prove it because you can, in your life, save this one person.
Shut the fuck up or I'll shut you up.
Agent Kulok, that boy, as we speak, is in Hawkins' truck, probably still alive, in a dark refrigerated compartment, shivering in just a T- shirt: put yourself in his mind, freezing, terrified, wanting his mother. Put yourself in his mother's place, desperate, imagining the worst is happening as she pleads, back there at the rest stop, for someone, anyone, to listen to her. This is not hypothetical, this is real. It is happening now and you can do something about it.
Listen to this guy? Can you believe this? He'll never change. Born a liar, first word out of his mouth was a lie. Make up a story, always a story, any goddamn story, to save his ass.
When I was at the rest stop, there was a young boy, maybe ten, and his mother. Darryl Hawkins, Zero, abducted the boy in the men's room. I tried to stop him. He cold-cocked me --
Suspect Zero, now there's an idea that doesn't look good on paper --
You are so fucked up.
How did a girl like me end up in a place like this?  The Deputy Director here, he believes in Tough Love. A cop's cop. Shape up or ship out, righto? Agent Kulok, when you get a chance you might want to check the victims of the recent serials. You'll find that some of them have been credited to other killers, some years ago. That's a Dave Koessler trick, find a pliant sociopath, preferably a dead one, attribute to him unsolved cases, clean up the backlog-looks great in the yearly report.
You're a disgrace to law enforcement, to the Bureau -- and to me.
You better hope the Director doesn't stop abruptly one day, David, you might break your nose.
Don't you touch him.
Thank you, Rangers.  Put this man in the unmarked.
Miss me, Dave?
I'm going to Amarillo.
What happened?
Get the routes of all refrigerated trucks over the last ten years. We've got three disappearance cities and dates, three parallel discovery cities. Get into the mainframe, let it crunch this information.
How are we going to find him?
Zero abducts victims all over the country, kills them, keeps them refrigerated for days, weeks, even months, then buries them hundreds, thousands of miles away. Karen Sumpter was buried, washed up in a flood. Evans was buried. When we get Zero, we'll find boneyards all across the country.
It's a truck. A refrigerated truck.
Jaime --
I've got to take a piss.
I...
I haven't changed anything.  Damn.
But it was your idea: "use Zero," you said, use Zero to get Low.
You're assigned, we're assigned, to apprehend Richard Low, not Suspect Zero. I have to tell you, Mack, I'm not comfortable where you're going.
That's what Koessler wants us to believe. To discredit Low.
Suspect Zero is a crackpot theory. You said so.
Low calls him Suspect Zero.
All the same killer?
Burn marks. The original M.E. listed it as "burn residue." Same place, the outer thigh, as Karen Sumpter. The UNSUB is able to abduct, kill, transport and bury without detection.
It's quite advanced.
What's going on?
Yeah, of course.
You okay?
Hardly anyone calls me Tom. Everybody calls me Mack. I always liked that.
Tom, you okay?
Could be a lot of things. Depends on the freezer.  I'm sorry, Mack, but I don't think this is the answer.
But why this pattern?
Mack, I'm just trying to keep up with now.
Jaime, do you think, when this is all over, when we're in different divisions, you think maybe you and me, we could try again?
I got an autopsy report from El Paso that doesn't seem right. A girl on Low's list. Karen Sumpter. We're getting a court order to exhume to body. I'd like you to come and look at it.  Don't worry, I've cleared it.
You're putting me in a difficult position.
They say Richard Low is wrong, but because of him, women, innocent women, are alive who would be dead.
It's okay to be wrong, just don't be dead wrong.
It's too late for that. I've gone ahead of the curve on this one. There's no turning back. When this is over, Koessler is going to be right or Low is going to be right or I'm going to be right, but not all of us.
I'd be real careful if I were you.
I've decided to investigate Low's plane crash. While I'm at it, I thought I'd look at the cases Koessler worked with Low.
Koessler doesn't know any of this?
Probably. I told him Koessler had ordered the report, kept it secret.
Does one exist?
I need something tangible. To hook him. I told him I'd found the confidential file on the Suspect Zero theory.
And you're working with him?
You were right. He found me.
Slow down a second, you met with Low --
I met with Richard Low.  These are names of missing persons he has flagged. I'm double-checking every case, but I don't want to be too obvious about it. I marked the ones I'd like you to work on.
What's going on?
I guess I'm a little paranoid.
This feels like something out of a spy novel.
But he believes in it. That's all that matters. He toyed with you, you toy with him. Convince him you've got a lead on Suspect Zero. Use Zero, you'll find Low.
That's a crackpot theory. Everybody says so.
Suspect Zero.
Start killing people for real?
You want to get him? Find something he wants. Get him to come to you.
My watch. He toyed with me. He sent me to Chicago.
I'm in Omaha. Get to the airport. There's been another one.
What's up?
Where are you? Everybody's looking for you.
Jaime? Where are you?
Hello?
I just need to go a little slow.
Don't confuse what we do with who we are.
That's my point. Remember, you're a cop pretending to be a deviant. It's not the other way around.
Not the way I can.
And nobody else can do that?
I found a peephole into Deviant World. I'm gonna reach in and yank some of those creeps out.
You need time to think. About the case, about you and me.
What's that?
Then there's the other issue.
That's true.
There's the Agency issue. I think Koessler may suspect something already. We're not on the best footing with him as it is.
Oh.
No, I mean maybe we should back off a bit, you and me.
I can't. They trust me, they accept me. I've got their confidence.
Maybe we should back off a bit.
You did.
I came over because I couldn't sleep and was lonely. I wanted to see you. I thought I'd surprise you.
No, Jaime, I apologize. I didn't... I had no right to speak to you like that.
Mack, I'm sorry. I apologize. I should have called. I had no right to sneak in on you like that.
Murman and Imelda had been slipping into a private chat room. Low had poor old Testa drooling on the keyboard. Abduction fantasies, voyeurism, mutilation, teasing him with fetish elements. He is very good. I think it's safe to say Richard Low is Murman.
You should have seen the store manager at Parade of Shoes. She was inconsolable.
Not yet. This time they're waiting for you.
Did they disconnect Testa's computer?
You found the body. She was one of Harold Speck's victims. In El Paso.  They're not just talking to each other, Mack, they're trading souvenirs.
You mean --
Sue Ann Hanson.
The tattoo?
We're trying to match them with dump site bodies.  This we know is Carol Delview from Tampa, found her last Spring. This one --
Jesus.
We did find these, however.
We got an UNSUB walking around with four feet?
No. Cut off while he was still alive, look at his wrists, damn near ripped his hands off trying to get free. Must have been screaming real loud when the killer chain-sawed his throat. Unfortunately, he'd soundproofed his van.
Find the feet?
Not yet. Not about this, either.
Not about coming to see Daitz?
Just routine stuff.
What did you tell him?
He's called a couple times.
Does Koessler ask about me?
I've been thinking about this.
I know.
It's a no-no.
"Intra-Agency fraternizing."
There are Agency regulations about this.
Oh yeah, I forgot.
Because you asked him to, stupid.
Why did Koessler assign you as my liaison?
No, Mack, I do not think you're a square and definitely not a nerd.
You must really think I'm a square, a computer nerd.
Of course he did. He came on to every attractive student. Which bothers you most: that he exploits suffering or that he came on to me?
When you were his student? Did he come on to you?
Huh?
I saw him on a talk show once, talking about these killers like they were his friends. Not the victims, not the families of the victims, he doesn't talk about them. Blood money, that's what it is.  Did he hit on you?
Don't be too harsh.
I ever get like that, just take me out in back and shoot me.
He's a consultant to a network TV program on Profilers. He gets a check every episode.
That's because he's a fucking wacko. Never met a self-promotion scheme he didn't like. What's he doing now?
I was thinking, maybe we should ask Professor Daitz. Nobody knows this stuff better.
None. Can't find a thing. Nothing on file, nothing online. It's not a part of any known killer's signature.
Me too.  Make any headway with "Zorro"?
Every cop has a story and every story has a girl. The girl in my story was fifteen years-old. She wore a pink angora sweater -- I can still see it -- one day, she disappeared. I told the police she wouldn't run away, I told them who to look for, but I was just a kid. I sat in the police station crying and crying. My parents took me home. The girl was my cousin and the man who abducted her was a teacher I'd had. He kept her alive a week before he killed her. The police could have saved her. Every time I see a photo of a victim I see her. That's what I want to do. I want to save her.
My guess: he's wondering whether to get more fries or go straight to the chocolate sundae.
Take it to the next level. What are his fantasies, what turns him on, what kind of pornography does he like? If he could act out his fantasies, what would he do? Imagine yourself one of his victims, realizing your life is in his hands. What is he thinking?
What's this country coming to?
He thinks he looks young.
Grown man dressed like a clown. Does he really think he looks good?
Look at this fellow... or this one.
Sex.
What's that?
And one other thing.
I was interested in two things: computers and crime. They sort of came together.
I was going to be a physician, I am a physician, but I kept drifting over to criminal psych. This seems to be the best of both. My parents still haven't forgiven me.
People end up in occupations for a reason. They may think not, but they do: occupations define us.
You got a point there.
Taking a Stryker saw, cutting off the top of someone's cranium, pulling the brain out -- what's that, a day in Spring?
This is some serious shit.
Chat jargon for moving from fantasy to real victims: "I went live last month."
"Gone live?"
No, no, no, most of them -- I used to think all of them -- are just fantasists, guys who get off telling degrading stories. When I came across this fugitive chat room, listened in, I started to think some might actually be real, that they'd gone live. The challenge was to figure out which was which. Then I had my disagreement with Koessler.
They're all criminals?
Working the net isn't that different from ordinary undercover work. You go into the community, walk their walk, talk their talk, gain their confidence.
You want to have dinner?
The other reason?
That's part of the reason I dropped by. I need to learn this stuff.
That's the beauty of the system. This is a fugitive chat room. It moves from place to place, chat rooms that are normally empty at certain hours: a gardening website, Chaucer buffs, a dating service. A pre- arranged code shows up in one of fifty porn rooms -- that's where I stumbled across it -- notifying "friends" to meet at a certain time, usually midnight to three Eastern Standard, at a certain website -- a deserted chat room, say, "How to Plant Perennials." Come Tuesday, twelve a.m., bingo, these like-minded deviates log on and start yakking it up: explicit sex crime gossip, who did what to whom, who wants to do what, when, why and how.
What about the chat rooms themselves?
Setting up. Technically, anyone in a chat room can be traced back to a screen address. But, by using punters, a correspondent literally punts his address around the world, through computers in countries that have no communication treaties. The correspondent becomes "ghosted," invisible.
Don't even go there. What's up?
The man knew how to dress.
Relax.  J. Edgar's greatest fear: a female with a badge.
It explains a lot.
Yes I do.
Where's my watch? It's gone.
Some kids found you in a garbage dump.
A very sexy case.
That information's being withheld from the media.
And who kills in the manner of his victim.
This is no random killing, no one shot deal. The UNSUB has killed before; he's good at it. So what do we have?  We have someone who has killed before who kills someone who kills: a serial killer of a serial killer -- and who wants the FBI to know he exists.
Doesn't fit.
Yeah, you know the vic's car, he was killed this side of the state line, the car then pushed across the border. This by an Unknown Subject, presumably the killer, who left no fucking evidence except the snapshot, which may or may not have been accidental.
This is a sexy case.
Beats me. He just asked me to come along, double-check the forensics.  What did you do to piss him off?
Why did he come out here? What's going on?
Not especially.
You work with Koessler?
Five months. I love it.
How long have you been downtown?
I read your white paper. It's sort of like the Bible for what they're trying to do in Computer Crime.
The Academy, then CIIAC.
You used to be in the Behavioral Science Unit, right?
Maybe I shouldn't put it that way. I'm on my best behavior. I've got to watch what I say.
None taken.
They sort of got me on shit detail, no offense.
Thanks for the ride.
I'll be back.
Bitch! Cunt! Please, please, please don't do this, Agent Kulok. You need me.
Turn around. Stretch your arms over the seat.
No weapon.
Okay, I'll unhook you. No weapon.
I want to protect the boy. I also want to protect Suspect Zero -- from you.
Uncuff me. What's wrong with you? Don't you want to save the boy?
Of course he does. Now get the key, get these things off me.  Unhook me.
Mack must think Zero has a police band.
Sit back.
Unlock these cuffs.
Agent Kulok, could you wipe my face?
Kulok.
Agent...
Yeah.
Was it Zero?
The boy's okay. I saw him...
Yeah.
Is he dead?
Yeah, problem was, I had the only copy. See ya.
You? You went by the book?
This guy, Zero, he drifts around, that's how they all start, drifting around, their minds filling up with fantasies. He thinks he's real smart, laughs at us, laughs at his victims. But he has left a trail, and the trail is somewhere in those names. You know how to reach me.  Take my advice, when dealing with these FBI tight-asses, go by the book. That's what I did.
Maybe you should back off.
We're alike. We are hunters. We have the gift. It's ancient times all over again. We stand between order and chaos. I need help. I can't carry on alone.
Those were just fantasies.
I know you, Lionheart. I watched your mind work, heard your dirty thoughts --
It was the mall.
You did. You were with her when she disappeared, right? She took you to the mall or the movies, you turn around and she's gone.
Who told you about her?
If you won't do it for me, do it for your cousin, Nadine, right? The girl in the pink sweater.
I already have an employer.
There's someone out there, Mack, I know, some man killing for the fun of it, sniffing human glue, without regard to age or sex, without predicable M.O. Someone who has a way to dispose of the bodies. You have access, you can call up local authorities, check morgues, conduct interviews. Be my man.
Please. You can't hide from me, sonny. I invented the questionnaire. I can tell those who talk from those who do it in the time it takes you to fart.
You knew it was me all along?
And who else did I find? Agent Thomas Mackelway, crackerjack FBI techie. I was greatly disappointed when you were re-assigned.
How do you know who's real and who's not?
After my hiatus, after I got my priorities readjusted, I drifted online, started tracking porn chat rooms, looking for Zero. Got accepted, came across these boys swapping stories, pictures, downloads. Never found Zero, but I did come across some Class A scumbags.
Daitz hinted it existed. It was a matter of forming the request in the proper terms.
Of course not. They're possibles. I've checked them against Bureau records, check them against your file. How did you get it?
Zero killed them all?
It's my master list of missing persons: men, boys, girls, children over the last ten years. Two hundred and eighty-five names. A pool of possible victims.
The file, however, was kept open after your death. NPE disappearances, No Plausible Explanation, were sometimes filed there, deleted if the bodies were found.
Hum a tune and I'll sing to it.
"Agent Low's theory of Suspect Zero, the undetected serial killer, is delusional, the product of good intentions, paranoia and obsession..."
You're a smart guy. Tell me what it says.
I don't carry it with me.
Was I afraid of Dave Koessler? Not likely. I told you, I'd gotten a bit obsessive. It was an opportunity to back off, think things through.  Where's the file?
So you went underground?
Deputy Director Koessler opposed the theory because it meant pressing the legal envelope, risking high-profile failure. Better to get rid of me. Then he could be Mr. Serial Killer, Mr. Authority on Deviant Behavior -- no embarrassing questions about the contribution of one Richard Low. Do you really think that plane crashed by accident? Do you really think I wasn't on it by accident? I've always had a good sense of intuition.
Suspect Zero?
I'm not sure, exactly. I had monsters on the brain. I wanted to get these guys, every one of them. I got obsessive.
What was your weakness, sir?
He always had a weakness in that area. I saw it the first time I met him. We all had our weaknesses, I guess. Daitz wanted the money. With Dave it was the glory. Koessler saw the Behavioral Sciences Unit as a stepping stone to bigger and better bureaucratic things. He had his eye on the Director's job, even then. Catching killers was a means to an end for them.
He's moved on to TV.
He couldn't break an egg with a hammer. He still writing those crime porn books?
I've been reading, hearing about you. I spoke to Koessler, Professor Daitz.
How's the arm?
I believe it is you, sir, who has us jumping through hoops.
Dave Koessler must have you jumping through hoops.
When you exit, head east on 10th.
Yes, sir.
This is Richard Low. Stay on the phone. Do not disconnect. I'm watching you. I will instruct you where to drive.
Yes.
Agent Mackelway?
I'll give you a little hint. You're a smart guy, figure it out.
Who are you?
The little piggie speaks.
How did you know Speck was a killer?
[I don't think so. We want the same thing. See ya.]
Leave this room, I'll go back with you, blow your cover.
[And I want to go back to Needlepoint.]
I want to go live with you.
[What does the file say?]
George Sheldon? The second serial killer killed in the manner of his killings. The crime scene profile was never entered into VICAP. At whose request? David Koessler.
[You tell me.]
Not everything is imputed to memory. The most confidential stuff is kept top secret hard copy. Why would the Zero file be kept secret?
[Don't jerk a jerk-off. There's nothing in the Bureau mainframe.]
I've located the Suspect Zero file. Did you know there was one? Koessler ordered it as part of your evaluation.
[Not the heart, the watch.]
I want to help you.
[Hello, Agent Mackelway. How's the watch? Maybe you can do one of those TV commercials, I found my watch under a serial killer's heart and it was still ticking.]
Let's talk about Zero.
Let's go someplace private, Murman, I have something for you.
[If you wanted a good steak, you should have gone to Omaha.]
[Ask for Leslie. Eight days from tonight, exactly one a.m. Be there if you dare. You cannot fool the Murman.]
Haven't had any, but I'm willing to try.
[The address is 147 South Rane. It's a lively address. You got a problem with dark meat?]
If I owe, I will go.
[Not this way. Call it a little favor, call it a little thing I'm going to do for you. I'm going to make Chicago come alive for you. You'll owe me one.]
I've been to Chicago.
[Follow me.]
Lead the way, Murman.
[You want to talk, Lionheart, or you want to take this a little more personal?]
Something came up, Murman, my man.
[Lionheart, what happened?]
Whatever happened to MyDick?
[Reality very risky.]
Lionheart here. I'm back. Sorry about the absence. I had to do some therapy at the crossbar hotel.
[Fantasy time, girls, give it up, give it up.]
Perhaps you can explain it to him.  It's Agent Mackelway.
Deputy Director Koessler doesn't want Zero. All he cares about is Low.
What is it exactly I don't understand, Agent Mackelway?
I don't think you understand.
This man, Hawkins, has killed dozens of people. Suspect Zero.
Excuse me, Agent Mackelway?
Locate a jet, we're going to Amarillo.
Now, Mr. Hawkins, when last in Amarillo, where did you get gas?
350 miles.
How far is Amarillo?
He wants us to know he's out there, what he's doing. It's not enough just to kill somebody like Speck, he wants us to know he did it.
But why attack an Agent?
I talked to him.
Speck is dead.
Eight, nine months ago. When I was at Computer Crime. I got into a chat room with someone named MyDick. I'd talked to him before. Everything I saw yesterday, everything in the autopsies, it's identical. The forensics are dead on. MyDick's fantasies involved a hog-tie rig, nylon cord, torture with pliers, rip the nipples -- when the "item" screams, she chokes. He had a thing about eyes, always the eyes -- stab their eyes. It's the same guy. Speck was MyDick.
I don't...
MyDick. As in my dick. That was his screen name.
"MyDick?"
Hope you never do. At first it feels like a sauna, by the time you hit victim four it's a fucking burning shirt factory.
No.
The same.
Koessler?
This case has sent bells and alarms ringing all the way to Washington. Your old boss is coming out.
Headed there now. The same shift will be on at noon.
Got a vehicle?  Head north on 54. When you get to New Mexico you've gone too far.
Yes, sir.
Agent Mackelway, you want to get off your ass and do something for a change?
Jesus, just what I need, another blue flamer.  Johnny, get this boy some sun screen.
I like working for the Bureau, sir. I like catching bad guys. It's all I care about.
This is a first. You criticized the Deputy Director to his face and you still have a badge? You must have some one-of-a-kind skills.  Why don't you just quit? I mean, you're not going to get promoted, not wearing this jacket.
I wished to be reinstated at Computer Crimes. I was undiplomatic in my request.
"Attitude Adjustment Issues" -- what the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Four hundred and sixty, sir.
I see that. Washington to Philadelphia to here. Philly's a nice station. How many agents?
I screwed up twice, sir.
"Computer Investigation and Infrastructure Assessment Center." Quantico out of MIT -- you're a techie?  Okay, you screwed up once. So did half the guys here. That's why they're here.
Sounds like fun.
Updating the condition of all Bureau- owned vehicles in the southwest sector, sir.
Hot enough for you, Agent Mackelway? Hell's doorknob. What they got you doing?
Thomas Mackelway.
Johnny, get this man's file. Mackelway, right?
I believe it's in my file, sir.
What did you do to end up here?
Yes, sir.
So you're the new meat?
Good morning, sir. Agent Salinas, sir.
Take your shirt off.
It's over for you.
You want to "profile" me? Find out what makes me "tick"? Write about me, go on a talk show, give me a nickname?
Brilliant? You think he caught any of them because he was brilliant? Hardboy? MyDick? Imelda? Ripper? Think about it, how did he locate them?  He found them as Murman. And how did Murder Man find them? With sweet talk and brains? No. He did it with souvenirs. He took them into private rooms, swapped goodies: pictures, panties, jewelry, body parts. Snuff downloads. As bait. That's why I never exchanged with him. He killed girls, oh yeah, harvested them. He had the best stuff. Richard Low is Murman and Murman is one of us.
He's a brilliant man. Brilliant enough to catch you.
Murman!
I'm Agent Thomas Mackelway, FBI. There is no way you will escape. Assistant Deputy Director Richard Low is en route with another Agent.  You may know Low by another name. You may know him by the name Murman. I am Lionheart.
You're money, baby.
Do you realize that I've been waiting for that call for six months and I cut her off?
Shut up.
Don't do it, Mike.
Shuddup.
You should call your Grandmother.
No. Stop, come on.
Are you calling Her?
Enough. I've got to use the phone.
You really should. Life, after all, is really just a series of challenges...
Okay. I'll think about that. Bye.
That's because it was a challenge. You has control over you're situation. It was hard, but you rose to it.
It didn't feel that way.
Moving here from New York was much more of an adjustment than this.
I don't know about that.
Ever since I've known you.
You're right. I know.
You've been through worse.
I know, I know.
You have to put things in perspective.
Shit.
Michael, this is Grandma. I want to know if you got the part on that television program. I told the whole family and they're very excited to know if...  Skipping message. End of final message.
Thank you, Nikki.
Nikki.
Well, thank you...?
You better pay the man.
Probably a little longer than that, but, whatever.
I'd say about two weeks.
Oh, yeah... Boy, that must've been a while ago.
Yes! Remember? You asked me for an application? I introduced you to the manager?
Are you sure? Maybe...
I know! Starbucks! I served you an espresso at Starbucks.
Well, you know, it's tough. A lot of traveling. A lot of hotels... but, you know, it's a dream... and the money's really good. I think I might buy another really expensive imported car after my next gig in Vegas...
What's that like?
Yeah.
You're a comedian?
...Monday nights? I host an open mike...
...maybe...
You ever go to the Kelbo's? On Pico?
I've seen you somewhere... Where have I seen you?
Thanks.
I'm sorry, I couldn't help it. Let me make it up to you.
You like laughing at the misery of others?
Oh... a Cavalier.
What kind of car do you drive?
I'm sorry?
What do you drive?
How are you ladies doing this evening?
Mike...
No... Maybe that's not the case. Maybe she shouldn't be such a smug little shit because she'd be surprised at what a good dancer he really is, but it's been a long time and he doesn't know if he's ready to...
Maybe it doesn't matter if he's a good dancer cause it's a slow song, if that's what he's afraid of.
Yes. I mean, no. I mean, maybe he would find her, I mean you attractive. Maybe he doesn't like to dance. Maybe all he likes to do is just stand around and drink and smoke and look cool with his buddies who don't dance either...
You don't think the guy would find me attractive enough to dance with?
Uh, if the guy wants to.
Like if I meet a handsome young man and I wanted to ask him to dance? I can do that?
Anything.
Anything?
I don't know... To grow, to go out. Whatever you want.
To do what?
What else...? Let's see... You have complete freedom.
What else?
What what? What advantages?
Like what?
Well, it still sucks, but you start to see that there are advantages to being single.
How?
It does.
Oh, God. That's two more than me. Tell me it gets better.
It's been six months and I'm just starting to get over it.
I thought I was going to die.
Yeah.
You too?
Tell me about it...
Well, I left someone very special behind.
How was it hard?
Well, it wasn't the simple, but yeah.
Just like that?
...so I thought, what the hell, they make movies in L.A., not in Michigan, so I moved here.
Not lately.
Why? You're not a real man?
My reputation seems to have preceded me.
I thought real men don't like quiche.
I like quiche.
Yes. Like the quiche.
Like the quiche?
Hi, Mike. I'm Lorraine.
I'm Mike.
Hi.
Hi.
Yeah, I'll tell her I don't remember and then I'll ask what she looks like.  Then I'll ask if we fucked. How's that, Tee? Is that "the money"?
...then ask where you met her...
Why don't I just wait three weeks and tell her I was cleaning out my wallet and found her number...
What else is going on?
They're out of Glenlivet.
Why not? This place is dead anyway.
You want to come with us to a party at the Chateau Marmont? They got a bungalow and lots of beautiful babies.
...you might get cut out.
...and even then...
...not until you book it...
I don't even tell them about anything I'm close on anymore...
...and boy does it hurt when they ask.
...piece of shit. Listen, Charles, this is my friend Rob from Back East.
No, man. I know you didn't get it 'cause you wouldn't've asked me. It wasn't that funny anyway...
Did you, um, did you get that pilot?
Oh. You know.
Charles! What's up, man?
...I mean, does it have to be "Goofy"? I was playing Hamlet off-Broadway two months ago, for crying out loud...
I know what you're saying, man. I don't know what to tell you...
...Four days..?
...I heard it took four days to light for that shot...
Hey, man. At least it's Disney.
I'm considering taking a job as a "Goofy".
I still haven't told my folks I didn't get "Deepspace 9". You'd think they'd'a figured it out by now, but Mom keeps asking...
No.
You haven't told then, huh?
I haven't heard an official "no" yet.
Oh, I'm sorry. How'd your folks take it?
My pleasure.
Hi.
Don't worry. He's in good hands.
Let me just check on my boy.
What an asshole.
It's like, you looked at my tape. You saw my picture. Why did you call me in? You knew I was twenty-four.
Wait... Wait... Listen... So, I check the time and place. I'm where I'm supposed to be. I call my agent... She says they asked for me specifically...
They were auditioning for the same role as you?
No... no... The worst was when I went in for this After-School special and I'm sitting in the waiting room with all these little kids. I see they're all signed in for the same role as me...
Well, no harm done. This is Lisa. I'm sorry, I never got your names...
Oh, are we late? There are no clocks in this town.
Hi, boys, we almost gave up on you.
He is so sweet.
I believe it too. He really just wants her to be happy.
He's so sweet. He really said that?
The poor thing. I'll make some coffee.
...And she's with someone else.
The poor thing. Six years?
Did you get it?
Oh my God.
I'm a "Dorothy".
Lisa works at the MGM Grand...
No matter what... like splitting aces.
Always...
I'm a comedian.
What do you guys do?
No thanks. Why ruin a perfect night.
Can I get you something else? I mean, you shouldn't leave without getting something for free.
Nah, I didn't really want it anyway. I just wanted to order it.
Wait here, I'll get you that martini.
Could you believe it?
A couple of high rollers like you?
Yes, but I'm afraid this table has a hundred-dollar-minimum bet. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable at one of our lower stakes tables.
Do you have anything smaller?
Sure, that'll be fine.
You want this in black chips.
Huh?
Oh... right.
You're not allowed to hand me money, sir. You'll have to lay it on the table if you want me to change it.
Uh, I don't want to bet it all.
You have to lay it on the table.
Sorry?
On the table.
I understand.
Sorry, it's just that...
Sure, I guess. The phone's in the back.
Can I check my messages? I have a calling card.
Six years.
Yeah, but how long was the relationship she was rebounding from?
We were a rebound, and we lasted six years.
It's a rebound.
Why not?
Already? You poor thing. It won't last.
I know, but she did. She's with someone else now...
I'm sure she'll call. Six years is a long time. You don't just break it off cleanly after six years.
What do you do, Trent?
Actually, it's funny you... I'm actually, uh, between...
Well, who represents you back east?
Oh? You know about booking agents... I don't, uh, actually have a west coast agent as of yet...
Who's your booking agent?
There are different circuits... it's hard to explain... you wouldn't understand...
Why not?
Well, I'm afraid it's not that easy...
You should. A lot of comics play Vegas.
No...
Do you ever perform out here? I'd love to see you.
Listen, Mike. You really didn't have to get off the line. I just wanted to ask you one thing. I know I shouldn't have called, I mean, my friends said I should wait two days... Oh God, I probably sound like such a schoolgirl... It's just that it's tonight only... I mean, it's Sinatra's birthday and they have this thing every year at "The Room". Do you know where that is? It's impossible to find if you've never been there. I don't understand why none of the clubs in Hollywood have signs. Anyway, I'm so bad at this, if you're not busy I thought you might...
Hi, Lorraine. Thanks for holding on.
That's okay. I wanted to talk to you.
You didn't have to get off the other line. I would've called you back.
Hi. Sorry about that.
No, no. Hold on.
I can call back...
Yeah, hold on.
Are you on the other line?
Lorraine?
Hi, Mike?
Hello?
...get the hell outta here already...
...well, it suits you...
...The red piece of shit over there...
...Which one...?
...Nah. I'm right across the street...
Can I give you a ride to your car...?
...home. It's getting late. Yeah.
...It's really getting late.
Well, I should be getting...
Hey, at least it's not Goofy.
Good eye. Not one club owner got it. They all ask me why I got Donald Duck on my card.
Yeah. Nice touch. It's the logo from "You Bet Your Life", right?
Why, you like the duck with the cigar? 
Neither is acting. Not if you're serious about it.  Can I have one of these?
...Yeah, but entertainment law isn't something you just jump into...
Didn't you tell me to be patient with my career?
When I lived in New York they made it sound like they were giving out sit-coms to stand-ups at the airport. I got off the plane in L.A. six months ago and all I got to show for it is a tan.
It's not going to well?
If and when I get a real gig I'll call you.
I'll have to come see you sometime.
Yeah. And an actor.
You're a comedian?
Let me get a pen out of my car.  Do you have something to write on?
That's not good enough. I want to make plans to see you.
I'll be around.
I would love to see you again sometime.
Me too.
Listen. I had a great time.
Well... This is it.
Well... You can talk to a beautiful woman at a bar without worrying if anyone's watching you.
You said there are advantages to being single. I want to know what the advantages are.
Goodbye. I lov... 
I really want to catch up with you, but I've gotta take this call. They're holding. I'll talk with you when you get back in town. Bye.
I'm not home and going out of town tomorrow for a week. Can't you talk for five more minutes?
Yeah, uh, I don't think that's gonna be happening any time soon... Listen, can I call you right back? I gotta take this call...
I heard you might be moving back...
Hi.
No, he's not... Listen I don't want to talk about him. That's a whole other headache. I called because I heard you might be moving back to Queens...
Pierre... That's his name? Pierre? Is he French?
...Yeah, with the baby in the tire. One time I started to cry right in front of Pierre...
...the Michelin commercial...
I couldn't. Do you know how hard it's been not to call you? I pick up the phone every night. Whenever that commercial comes on...
Why didn't you call?
I miss you, Mike.
Really?
It doesn't matter. I think about you every day.
I thought you met someone else.
You know, us.
What kind of things?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Good.  I think about things.
Fine... I guess. You?
How are you doing?
...Six months.
How's it going? It's been a while...
You always know the right thing to say.
By the way, the guys back home said she put on some weight.
Sure.
Wow.  You wanna grab a bite?
...for the same reason you miss her. You lived with it so long.
You miss the pain?
Sometimes is still hurts. You know how it is, man. I mean, each day you think about it less and less. And then one day you wake up and you don't think of it at all, and you almost miss that feeling. It's kinda weird. You miss the pain because it was part of your life for so long. And the, boom, something reminds you of her, and you just smile that bittersweet smile.
How did you get over it? I mean how long 'til it stopped hurting?
Because you left, man. She's got her own world to deal with in New York. She was a sweet girl but fuck her. You gotta move on. You gotta let go of the past. The future is so beautiful. Every day is so sunny out here. It's like Manifest Destiny man. I mean, we made it. What's past is prologue. That which does not kill us makes us stronger. All that shit. You'll get over it.
Then why won't she call...?
That's your problem, man. You can't see what you've got, only what you've lost. Those guys are right. You are "money".
I didn't make it...
See, it's all how you look at it. If your life sucks, then mine is God awful. I mean, I moved out here partially because I saw how well you were doing. You got in the union, you got an agent. I thought if you could make it, maybe I could too...
They went for someone with more theme park experience. I woulda killed for that job.
They turned you down?
At least you didn't get turned down for Goofy...
How am I doing well? I host an open mike and I played a fuckin' bus driver in a movie. Big fuckin' deal. I'm with an agency that specializes in fuckin magicians. How good am I doing?
Well, you're doing so well...
What's dumb about it?
Well, that's dumb.
I think I'm gonna move Back East.
She wasn't your type anyway.
I'm such an asshole.
Oh boy.
Uuuuugh!
It's been two days. You should call that girl Nikki...
What's the point?
You want to talk about it?
Don't sweat it. Now I got an L.A. gun story. You should hear the way I tell to the guys back home. He had an Uzi. Mike half-smiles.
Sorry about what happened at the Dresden. I had no idea...
No. Just O.J.
You haven't been drinking, have you?
No problem, buddy. You eat anything today?
Thanks, man.
I'll be your winger.
I'm going in. Will you be my wing- man?
Go for it, man.
No, I just promised myself I'd give it a try. I gotta get out there sooner or later.
You're a better man than I am, Charlie Brown.
I got to at least try once.
It's unbelievable.
There are so many beautiful women here.
He's a mean dude. I've seen him smash a guy's face into the curb. He knocked out his teeth... blood... He was just like Boom, Boom, Boom... fuckin nasty shit, man. He's a nice guy though.
Him?
..."A Boy Named Sue". I think that's why he's such a bad cat.
Oh, like that song...
Sue. His dad was big Johnny Cash fan.
What's that guy's name? Sue?
Well, let's hit that party.
...What's the big deal? Everyone steals from everyone.
...yeah, a month ago.
I just tested for one...
Charles and me went to network on this pilot together.
There's the rub.
Ah, there's the rub...
I can't wait till I actually get to touch one of them.
Wait till summer. I swear, you can't leave the house. It hurts. It physically hurts.
It's like, every day I see a beautiful woman. I'm not used to that. I'm used to seeing a beautiful woman, I don't know, once a week. I can't handle it.
I've been around here six months and I still can't get over it.
Darwinism at its best.
I know. It's like the opposite of inbreeding. The hottest one percent from around the world migrate to this gene pool.
I can't get over how cute the girls in this city are.
...A Dewars on the rocks and a Bud, please.
Bud.
I'll get a Dewars rocks... 
Classy.
Kinda money, huh?
...That's probably a more appropriate analogy.
Sounds more like Aids...
It's kinda like a speakeasy kind of thing. It's kinda cool. It's like you're in on some kind of secret. You tell a chick you've been some place, it's like bragging that you know how to find it. The only way you could know where a place is is if someone who knows brought you there. You have to have someone come before. There is a direct line connecting you back to the original, unequivocally cool, club patrons. It's kinda like Judaism...
That doesn't sound too good for business.
It's one of these. For some reason, cool bars in L.A. have to be very hard to find and have no signs out front.
Oh.  Where is this place?
To get a drink before we meet the guys for a bite at eleven.
So, if the party starts at eight, why are we first going to a bar at ten?
Looks like we're in a dead heat after one hole. This is turning into quite a rivalry.
An eight.
What'd you get?
I'll give you an eight. 
I don't know. Eight or Nine.
How many strokes?
Sure. Kick me when I'm down.
What do you have? A Pluto call back?
I shouldn't, Mike, it's a weeknight.
You want to hit the town tonight?
I've decided to get out there.  Go ahead. Play it out.
I do. Good for you, man.
The only reason I mentioned her at all is to say that I'm not going to talk about her anymore. I thought you'd appreciate that.
Well, until now. Tend the pin.
I didn't mention her once today.
Oh no?
I don't talk about her that much.
Kinda.
What? Like, you didn't want to jinx it?
I don't know. It's like not talking to a pitcher in the midst of a no hitter.
Why?
I didn't want to say anything.
Haven't you noticed I didn't mention Michelle once today?
It's like "Hi, Mom. I'm not going to be starring in that sitcom and, oh by the way, I'm Goofy. Send more money."
You tested over a month ago. I'm sure they figured it out by now.
Do you realize how hard it's going to be to tell my parents? I still haven't told them I didn't get the pilot.
What do you want? You're tall.
There's just something about being "Goofy". Any other Disney character would be fine. There's just this stigma associated with the character.
Look, there's not much of a call for Shakespeare in this town.
It's definitely a step back for me.
You're an actor. Find the Zen in the role.
I mean, I need the money.
It's a gig.
I don't think I'm gonna take it.
Thanks. Thanks, man.
Rob, I just want you to know, you're the only one I can talk to about her.
No problem.
...It's just that you've been there. Your advice really helps.
Hey man, don't sweat it.
Thanks, man. Sorry we always talk about the same thing all the time...
There's the rub.
There's the rub.
Ah, see, that's the thing. Somehow they don't come back until you really don't care anymore.
Unless she comes back first.
I mean first you'll pretend not to care, not call -- whatever, and then, eventually, you really won't care.
Right... Wait, what do you mean?
Right... or more likely the opposite.
So it's almost a retroactive decision. So I could, like, let's say, forget about her and when she comes back make like I just pretended to forget about her.
It sucks.
Well that sucks.
Right.
So the only difference is if I forget about her or pretend to forget about her.
The only difference between giving up and not giving up is if you take her back when she wants to come back. See, you can't do anything to make her want to come back. You can only do things to make her not want to come back.
So what's the difference?
Right.
So I don't call either way.
Right.
But you said I shouldn't call if I wanted to give up on her.
You don't call.
And what if I don't want to give up on her?
She's really special, guys.
Good for you, man. He's being smart.
Believe me, I know what that's like.  Yo, Double Down! What time are we leaving?
Thanks, man.  I've been hating myself for the last two days.
Don't sweat it, man. I needed a kick in the ass. We're better friends for it.
But most important, man, I'm sorry about what I said. I was drunk... My adrenaline was going...
We ran into them that night at Roscoe's. Tee cleared it up, I apologized, bought them some chicken and waffles. They fuckin love Tee. That boy can talk.
What are they doing here?
I'm so sorry, man. You were so right. I got rid of the gun
...Whatever. You're like a whining little woman. Big deal. You got a fuckin' number. Whoopee! You'll fuck it up...
...It was six months, and she didn't dump...
What about you, Mikey? At least I got balls. You're always whining about some bitch who dumped you a year ago...
You live in such a fantasy world...
...People get carjacked...
Yeah. Here it's easier to avoid trouble. It's not like you like in Compton where bullets are whizzing by your head every day. Nobody's mugging you on no subway. In New York the trouble finds you. Out here you gotta go look for it...
Hey, man, you're not from here. You don't know how it is. I grew up in L.A...
You asshole. Why are you carrying a gun? What? In case someone steps to you, Snoop Dogg?
You asshole.
He's a bitch. He ain't gonna do nothing.
She didn't like me... I made a fool of myself...
She was cute.
I can't believe you.
Big butt... you know, can't fly coach.
Rejected?
Not well.
How's it going for you two?
Damned if I know...
Who threw this party, anyway?
...He's derivative...
...How can you compare them? Tarantino totally bites everything from Scorsese...
He's trying to be an actor.
What's he do?
So, what? Eleven?
...which means no one will get there 'til ten.
Give me the money. I'll get it.
Pause it. 
No, man, we're in the play-offs.
Make someone bleed.
It's kinda money, actually.
Hey, man. I took the Kings to the Cup.
You should play another team. The Kings are bitches in this game.
Hey Sue. Gretsky's on his ass again.
You little bitch!
Wow, I guess you were home... 
Don't call me ever again.
Nikki! Great! Did you just walk in, or were you listening all along?
Mike?
Hi, Nikki. Mike. I don't think this is working out. I think you're great, but maybe we should just take some time off from each other. It's not you, really. It's me. It's only been six months...
Hi. This is Nikki. Leave a message. 
Hi, Nikki. This is Mike again. Could you just call me when you get in? I'll be up for awhile, and I'd just rather talk to you in person instead of trying to squeeze it all... 
Hi. This is Nikki. Leave a message. 
I just got out of a six-year relationship. Okay? That should help to explain why I'm acting so weird. It's not you. It's me. I just wanted to say that. Sorry.  This is Mike. 
Hi. This is Nikki. Leaves a message. 
213-555-4679. That's all. I just wanted to leave my number. I don't want you to think I'm weird, or desperate or something...  ...I mean, you know, we should just hang out. That's it. No expectations. Just, you know, hang out. Bye. 
Hi. This is Nikki. Leave a message. 
Hi, Nikki. This is Mike, again. I just called because it sounded like your machine might've cut me off before I gave you my number, and also to say sorry for calling so late, but you were still there when I left the Dresden, so I knew I'd get your machine. Anyway, my number is... 
Hi. This is Nikki. Leave a message. 
Hi, Nikki. This is Mike. I met you tonight at the Dresden. I, uh, just called to say I, uh, I'm really glad we met and you should give me a call. So call me tomorrow, or, like, in two days, whatever. My number is 213- 555-4679... 
Hi. This is Nikki. Leave a message. 
Hang on, Voltaire.
Excuse me. We're in a bit of a hurry.
I'll have "pancakes in the Age of Enlightenment".
That's right.
Coffee...  Two coffees. It says "Breakfast Any Time", right?
Are you ready to order?
Sorry. We got knocked out pretty quickly.
There you two are. I walked around for an hour with that stupid martini on my tray.
Oh. He's got it under control...
Guys... Guys... I got it under control.
I know she liked me. I mean, it's not like I wanted to do anything with her tonight.
Don't give me that! She liked you, man.
It's not like that...
You were good. Did you see how she was vibing you?
I took a ballroom class with Michelle. I never danced with anyone but her, til tonight. That Lorraine chick is good.
You were off your ass back there! Where the hell did you learn to do all that twirly whirly shit?
What an asshole. Didn't you see "Boys in the Hood"? Now one of us is gonna get shot.
What the fuck..?
Yeah. I guess you could call it that.
So, two days?
No...
Tomorrow?
A day.
How long do I wait to call?
No, baby!
You're not just, like, fucking with me?
We're not messing with you...
Please, don't mess with me right now...
What's wrong? I saw you talking to that beautiful blonde baby.
What a surprise.
We got the digits, baby.
That doesn't matter.
She didn't see.
You asked her for her number, and then you tore it up.
Why, baby? What'd I do wrong?
I don't know. It was kind of a dick move if you ask me.
Was I money?
Don't sweat it, baby. This one's a lay-up.
I'm sorry.
She didn't notice.
You looked right at her, baby.
What?
What are you doing?
Minnie Pearl.
Which one?
It's on.
How you guys doing?
...It looked money.
...Maybe. I mean you gotta hide all the lights...
...through the kitchen...
...the Copa, in New York...
Yeah. He's a "rounder".
Yeah. You met him once.
Who? Rob?
It starts at eight...
What time's this party tonight?
Aww... He got away?
You guys are such assholes.
Yeah.
No.
What? That was the best part of the old game.
No. Doesn't that suck?
This version doesn't have fighting?
I wish the game still had fights so I could bitch-slap Wayne.
Baby, she's the one who should be thinking about you. Sounds to me like you cut loose some dead weight. Trust me, Mikey, you're better off.
I hear she's getting real fat.
Please. And you're sweating him? You're "all that" and you're sweating some lawn jockey?
I hear he drives a carriage around Central Park or something.
What?!?
He drives a carriage.
See? And what does this guy she's with do?
Selling scrap metal.
...Whatever. It's work. You're doing what you love. What's she doing?
...a day...
You just sat around drinking orange juice. Now look at you. Look how far you've come in just a few months. You got that part in that movie...
Don't remind me.
Why? So you can beat yourself up? Sitting around in that stuffy apartment. It's just plain bad for you, man. It's depressing. You've come so far. Remember the first week? After she told you? You couldn't even eat.
I just need some time...
That's just plain silly. Your self- esteem is just low because she's with someone else. But thinking about it and talking about it all the time is bad. It's no good, man. You gotta get out there. The ladies want to love you, baby.
I was younger... It was college. You didn't go to college, you don't know what it's like. You screw chicks you have no business being with. They're young, they don't know any better.
How?
That was different.
Michelle went for you, right.
Tee, girls don't go for me the way they go for you.
Baby, you're so money you don't even know it.
I just don't think she liked me in that way.
Baby, you take yourself out of the game. You start talking about puppy dogs and ice cream, of course it's gonna be on the friend tip.
Yeah, a good friend.
I heard them talking. They both thought you were money.
I don't think so.
She thought you were money.
She didn't like me, anyway.
No, baby. You're money.
I don't know. The whole Judy Garland thing kind of turned me on. Does that makes me some kind of fag?
She really didn't do it for me, baby. How'd you like Dorothy?
She was hot.
I didn't even like her, to be honest.
Christy was nice...
Don't worry about me, baby. I just wanted you to have a good time.
Sorry about interrupting...
You didn't have to get into it, baby.
She asked me what I was thinking about? What should I have done? Lie?
Hold on.
Please, Tee. I have to use the phone. Sorry, man.
Baby, you'll check them tomorrow.
I gotta use the phone.
What?
No, man. I need to use the phone.
So, what'd you say to him? "Double down."?
Right?... that I nailed it... Whatever. Then he says it's just that I'm a little old. I'm like "How old is the Brother?". He's like, he says this with a straight face, I swear to God, he says "Eleven."
...So give me the fuckin part...
I'm telling you!
No! Not the camera guy!
Wait...  She's crying. I finish. I hold up my finger like "Wait a second". They sit in silence for, like, at least five minutes. I look up and they all start clapping, and now they're all crying. Even the camera guy.
Yes!
No!
Wait... Wait... Just "Brother". So I go in. "Hello... Hi... We loved your guest spot on Baywatch... blah blah blah..." Whatever. So, I start to read, and, Mikey, I was money. I prepared for a week. It's a starring role. I'm crying... The casting director, she starts crying...
"Big Brother", "Little Brother"?
Oh... "I love you... I can't believe you're doing this... Drugs are bad..." Whatever. After-School bullshit. The role is Brother.
What was the part?
Well... we're not in Kansas anymore.
Oh... a Dorothy.
Hello, Lisa. I'm Trent. What a lovely makeup job.
Whatever.
Stop.  Ladies, don't you double down on an eleven?
I'm Mike...  and this is my friend "Doubledown Trent".
Baby, we're money.
We didn't do so bad after all.
Baby, relax. It's just down the hall. She's gotta change... we'll be fine.
I hope so.  We gotta go soon.
You did fine. Don't sweat her. We're meeting our honeys soon. You know Christy's friend is going to be money.
...It's just, I thought "Renaissance" was too Excaliber, it's the wrong casino. She would've gotten it, though...
...Baby...
"Age of Enlightenment". Shit. Like some waitress in a Las Vegas coffee shop is going to get an obscure French philosophical reference. How demeaning. I may as well have just said "Let me jump your ignorant bones."...
Baby, you did fine.
I should've said Renaissance, right? It went over her head.
Nice, baby.
Respect, my ass. They respect honesty. You see how they dress when they go out? They want to be noticed. You're just showing them it's working. You gotta get off this respect kick, baby. There ain't nothing wrong with letting them now that you're money and that you want to party.
I'm just trying to be a gentleman, show some respect...
They know what you want, believe me. Pretending is just a waste of time. You're gonna take them there eventually anyway. Don't apologize for it.
I know. I know.
That's what I'm telling you, baby. The babies love that stuff. They don't want all that sensitive shit. You start talking to them about puppy dogs and ice cream. They know what you want. What do you think? You think they don't?
That was so fuckin' money. It was like that "Jedi mind" shit.
Oh fuck that. You don't have to try and impress anyone. You think I give a shit? You think I sweat that skanky whore waitress...
...and then I'm struggling to impress some chick who's not half as classy as my girlfriend, who I'm not even really attracted to...
...gotta...
It's just tough, after sleeping with someone you love for so long, to be with someone new... who doesn't know what I like... and you gotta wear a jimmy...
You can't think like that, baby. It's hard, I know. I've been there. Not for six years, but I know. You just gotta get back out there.
It's just that I've been out of the game so long. Trent, I was with her for six years. That's before AIDS. I'm scared. I don't know how to talk to them, I don't know...
It's not. You're money. Any of these ladies would be lucky to pull a cat like you.
That's bullshit.
You gotta get that girl out of your head. It's time to move on. You're a stylish, successful, good looking cat. The ladies want to love you, you just gotta let them.
I don't know...
Whatever. We'll see. Daddy's gonna get her to bring a friend. We'll both get one. I don't care if I'm with her or one of her beautiful baby friends.
She likes you.
Baby, this is what we came for. We met a beautiful baby and she likes you.
I'm too tired for this. Let's just go.
You gotta give Tee one thing. He's good with the ladies.
You think so?
Baby, did you hear her? "You shouldn't leave without getting something for free." She wants to party, baby.
I don't think so.
I know she's coming back.
What are you, nuts? You think she's coming back?
Leave? The honey-baby's bringing us some cocktails.
Let's go. I'm not paying for a room, and if we don't leave now we'll never make it.
She was smiling at how money I am, baby.
She was smiling at what an asshole you are.
Did she, or did she not smile.
I can't believe what an asshole you are.
She smiled, baby.
That was so demeaning...
That was money. Tell me that wasn't money.
What an asshole.
Okay, Tee's the asshole, but Mikey's the big winner.
What an asshole.
Mikey's the big winner.
Who's the big winner?
Let's go.
Baby, you're money. You're the big winner.
Let's just leave.
Baby, don't talk like that, baby.
You won. There's nothing to be sorry about. You're a winner. I'm the fuckin loser. I should be sorry.
Twenty... but I was down at least fifty. I'm sorry, I got hot at the crap table.
Don't give me that shit. You know exactly how much you lost. What'd you drop?
I don't know, what? Thirty, Forty maybe.
Yea, how much?
Hey, man, I'm down too, you know.
Thanks for clarifying that.
...Well, you know, not counting the first table.
But I lost! How can you say always?!?
Always.
I'm just saying, not in this particular case.
Always, baby.
Yeah? Well obviously not always!
I'm telling you, baby, you always double down on an eleven.
If we don't look like we know what we're doing, then we may as well...
...but that's two hundred dollars. This is blood money...
You gotta do it.
I know, but...
Double down, baby. You gotta double down on an eleven.
What?!?
Double down.
Oh, they're watching all right. They're watching.
You think they're watching?
That's where we make our scene.
Well, you look money, baby. We both look money.
The trick is to look like you don't need it, then they give you shit for free.
Who's fucking around? I'm not making fun. Let's do it, baby.
Don't make fun, I think we can get some free shit if we don't fuck around.
What? You think she's gonna tell her pit-boss on us?
First let's see what happens if we play it cool.
We're gonna get laid, baby.
You're gonna screw up our plan.
I'm telling you, they love that shit.
It doesn't matter...
Did she, or did she not smile?
That's not cool.
She smiled baby.
Cut that shit out.
What are you talking about? Look at all the honeys.
Tee, the beautiful babies don't work Wednesdays midnight to six. This is the skank shift.
Baby, there are beautiful babies here.
They're all skanks.
That's New York, baby. You should know that. Look at the waitresses. I'm gonna get me a peg-leg baby.
This place is dead. I thought this was the city that never sleeps.
You gotta love the pirates, baby. The pirates are money.
This is fuckin' post-pubescent Disneyland.
This is the hot new place, besides, you love pirates. Tell me Mikey doesn't love pirates.
Pirates of the fucking Caribbean.
Look at it, baby. Vegas, baby!
Whu?
Wake up, baby.
Vegas.
Vegas.
Vegas!
Vegas, baby!
Vegas!
Baby, we're gonna be up by five hundy by midnight. Vegas, baby!
Vegas! You think we'll get there by midnight?
I know. Daddy's gonna get the Rainman suite. Vegas, baby. We're going to Vegas!
I'm serious. This is how you do it. I'm telling you.
I'm cool, baby. They're gonna give Daddy a room, some breakfast, maybe Bennett's singing.
I took out three hundred, but I'm only gonna bet with one. I figure if we buy a lot of chips, the pit boss will see and they'll comp us all sorts of shit, then we trade back the chips at the end of the night. You gotta be cool though.
Be downstairs. You're beautiful.
Wear a suit, I'm telling you it works.
Okay Bugsy. Twenty minutes.
No, seriously, if you're dressed nice and you act like you gamble a lot, they give you free shit.
Oh... Now Mikey wants to be a high roller.
What are you wearing? I mean, we should wear suits.
What?
Wait.
Just bring your card. Half an hour.
I can't lose more than a hundred.
Shut up -- yes you are. Now listen to Tee. We'll stop at a cash machine on the way.
I'm not going to Vegas.
I'll pick you up in a half an hour.
You're crazy.
Tonight, baby.
When?
We're going to Vegas.
What Vegas?
VEGAS.
What are you talking about? Vegas?
You got it bad, baby. You need Vegas.
We're gonna spend half the night driving around the Hills looking for this party and then leaving cause it sucks, then we're gonna look for this other party you heard about. But, Trent, all the parties and bars, they all suck. I spend half the night trying to talk to some girl who's eyes are darting around to see if there's someone else she should be talking to. And it's like I'm supposed to be all happy cause she's wearing a backpack. Half of them are nasty skanks who wouldn't be shit if they weren't surrounded by a bunch of drunken horny assholes. I'm not gonna be one of those assholes. It's fucking depressing. Some skank who isn't half the woman my girlfriend is is gonna front me? It makes me want to puke.
I don't know, I don't know -- listen to you. We're gonna have fun tonight. We gotta get you out of that stuffy apartment.
I don't know...
Listen to you. I got an audition for a pilot at nine and I'm going. You gotta get out with some beautiful babies. You can't sit home thinking about her.
Trent, I don't feel like going out tonight. I got shit to do tomorrow...
Listen to me, baby, there are going to be beautiful babies there.
I don't know...
That was Sue. We got two parties tonight. One's for a modeling agency.
Lemme get off the other line, baby.
S'up Trent?
Hello?
Our little baby's growing up...
...Well, then, I guess we don't have to worry about him anymore.
...just be smart about it.
...Okay, two...
You don't have to wait three days...
I'm telling you. Wait three days...
Be smart about it.
The bear's got his claws back.
...Definitely...
Yeah. You probably coulda hit that tonight if you didn't have to drive us home.
Sorry man.
...it is so on.
It is on.
...it's definitely on.
It's on.
...it's on.
It's on...
Sue!
I know for a fact you haven't, because you never shut up about it. You're like a little whiney bitch...
...Shut up, Sue...
Have you gotten laid once since you moved here? Did you fuck once?
...Sue...
...Oh yeah, like "Cypress Hill" was gonna do anything...
Listen. Just because I was the only one with the balls to stand up to them...
...Oh, who would jack your fuckin K- car? He's right, Sue. You don't need no gat.
...Whatever. Things are different here. It's not like New York, Mikey.
...Anaheim...
What'd you want me to do? Back down? He called me a bitch. We kept our rep.
You dick.
Don't listen to him. You call whenever it feels right to you.
Laugh all you want, but if you call to soon you can scare off a nice baby who's ready to party.
Yeah, but three days is kinda the money...
...Yeah. But two's enough not to look anxious...
...I used to wait two days. Now everyone waits two days. Three days is kinda money now, don't you think?
Definitely. Two days. That's the industry standard...
...Yeah.
...Tomorrow, then a day.
Now when you talk to her, I don't want you to be the guy in the PG-13 movie that everyone's pulling for. I want you to be the guy in the rated R movie who you're not sure if you like.
You're money.
Now go over there and get those digits.
...you're so fuckin mmmoney.
...you're money...
...honestly...
...you're like a big bear.
...and fangs... and you're like "I don't know what to do. How do I kill this bunny?"...
...and you got big claws and fangs...
...Yeah. You're just gently batting it around... and the rabbit's all scared...
...You're just poking at it...
...And you're just looking at your claws like "How do I kill this bunny?"...
...shivering...
...and teeth... And she's like this little bunny cowering in the corner...
...and big fuckin' teeth...
You're like this big bear with claws and fangs...
...we're not...
That's what I keep trying to tell him.  You're so money, you don't even know...
You are so money, and you don't even know it...
Baby, don't talk that way, baby...
True.
...but it's worth the risk. True or false: It's worth the risk.
...double diamond...
Baby, I know it is. It's a black diamond trail...
You think?
It's on.
What was cold about it?
That was pretty cold, dude.
Damn. Now I gotta go in early.
Yes she did.
See, baby?
No! She's not looking at you. She hasn't looked at you once. Will you stop asking if... Wait, she just looked.
Is she looking now?
No.
Now?
No.
Is she looking at me, baby?
...It's on.
Oh, it's on, baby...
...How novel.
What a surprise...
...Is he brown?
Is he cute? Ask him if he wants to stay for a cocktail!
Yeah... If you hit them hard their heads bleed all over the ice and their legs convulse.
You could make their heads bleed, though.
I don't know. I guess kids were hitting each other or something.
Fuck!!! That is so bullshit!
They're a bitch team... SCORE! Roenick!
They're a finesse team...
...against the computer.
That's so bullshit. This is so bullshit.
Because he's a bitch.
Chelios to Roenick...!
Bitch... You little bitch!
I'll be back with the coffee.
I'll have the Blackbeard over easy.
And you?
Six.
Beautiful. What time are you off...  ...Christy?
Two vodka martinis, straight up, shaken not stirred, very dry, easy on the water.
...One fifty-nine, Two minutes.
You owe the Don a service.  He has no doubt that you will repay it.
Yes, I understand I'm listening.
This is Tom Hagen; I'm calling for Don Corleone, at his request.
Yes. 
The Don himself is coming to me tonight?
Good.  He never doubted you.
Anything...Anything the Godfather wishes.
You owe the Don a service.  In one hour, not before, perhaps later, he will be at your funeral parlor to ask for your help.  Be there to greet him.  If you have any objections speak now, and I'll inform him.
Yes, I understand.  I'm listening.
I want you to use all your powers, all your skill, as you love me.  I do not want his mother to see him as he is.
What do you wish me to do?
Some day, and that day may never come, I would like to call upon you to do me a service in return.
Godfather.
Good.  From me you'll get Justice.
Be my friend.
Then take the justice from the judge, the bitter with the sweet, Bonasera.  But if you come to me with your friendship, your loyalty, then your enemies become my enemies, and then, believe me, they would fear you...
America has been good to me...
You never think to protect yourself with real friends.  You think it's enough to be an American.  All right, the Police protects you, there are Courts of Law, so you don't need a friend like me. But now you come to me and say Don Corleone, you must give me justice. And you don't ask in respect or friendship.  And you don't think to call me Godfather; instead you come to my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder...for money.
Then make them suffer as she suffers.  How much shall I pay you.
But your daughter is still alive.
An eye for an eye!
The Court gave you justice.
I ask for Justice.
No.  You ask for too much.
And what is that Bonasera?
What do you want of me?  I'll give you anything you want, but do what I ask!
Bonasera, we know each other for years, but this is the first time you come to me for help.  I don't remember the last time you invited me to your house for coffee...even though our wives are friends.
Good, good.  Leave now; there's a car waiting to take you to the airport.
Barzini.
Don't be frightened.  Do you think I'd make my sister a widow?  Do you think I'd make your children fatherless?  After all, I'm Godfather to your son.  No, your punishment is that you're out of the family business.  I'm putting you on a plane to Vegas--and I want you to stay there.  I'll send Connie an allowance, that's all. But don't keep saying you're innocent; it insults my intelligence and makes me angry.  Who approached you, Tattaglia or Barzini?
Barzini is dead.  So is Philip Tattaglia, so are Strachi, Cuneo and Moe Greene...I want to square all the family accounts tonight. So don't tell me you're innocent; admit what you did.
I swear I'm innocent.  I swear on the head of my children, I'm innocent.  Mike, don't do this to me, please Mike, don't do this to me!
You fingered Sonny for the Barzini people.  That little farce you played out with my sister.  Did Barzini kid you that would fool a Corleone?
You have to answer for Santino.
Godfather!
Go back to your house and wait for me...
Jesus, Connie...Sure, Mike...
I'll come to you when I need you.
Understood.  I just wish I was doing more to help out.
Like hell I will.
You filthy guinea spoiled brat. Clean it up or I'll kick your head in.
BA FA GOULE YOU!
Ba Fa Goulle.
Eat it, it's on the table.
I'm not hungry yet.
The food is on the table.
OK, OK.  You gonna make me something to eat at least?
You're staying home.  You're not going out.
Your girl friend.  She says she can't make it tonight.  You lousy bastard you have the nerve to give your whores my telephone number. I'll kill you, you bastard!
What was that?
Shut up.
What's the matter, Carlo?
We gotta move...
You're on, kid...I'll square it with Mom your not seeing her before you left.  And I'll get a message to your girl friend when I think the time is right.
The gun will be there.
I want somebody very good, very safe to plant that gun.  I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hand.
OK, but be careful.
Sollozzo knows Mike's a civilian.
You won't see Paulie anymore.  He's sick for good this winter.
You take care of Paulie?
Okay, now you can move your men into the Mall, replace Tessio's people.  Mike, tomorrow you take a couple of Clemenza's people and go to Luca's apartment and wait for him to show.  That crazy bastard might be going after Sollozzo right now if he's heard the news.
Understood.
Clemenza.  You take care of Paulie. I don't ever want to see him again. Understood?
No, just you and Paulie.
That's all?  Don't you want me to send some people over here?
Go get Paulie, I don't care how sick he is.  Pick him up yourself, and bring him to my father's house.
Maybe three, four times.  I always asked Freddie if he wanted another bodyguard, but he said no.  Things have been so smooth the last ten years...
How many times did he stay home the last couple of months?
Paulie's been a little sick all winter...he was home.
Where the hell was Paulie, why wasn't he with the Don?
The word is out in the streets that he's dead.
Yeah.
You heard about your father?
Maybe less...
Then in a six month time we're on our own; is that it?
He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas.  Nobody goes to him with any other business as of now, this minute.  No reflection on Tom; that's the way I want it.  Besides, if I ever need any advice, who's a better Consigliere than my father.
No, I don't want to give Barzini an excuse to start fighting.
We gotta fight sometime.  Let us at least recruit our regimes to full strength.
Probably all the other families will line up against us.  But, it's alright.  These things have to happen once every ten years or so...gets rid of the bad blood. You gotta stop 'em at the beginning. Like they shoulda stopped Hitler at Munich, they shoulda never let him get away with that, they were just asking for big trouble...
How bad will it be?
Mostly it gives witnesses an excuse to change their identification when we make them see the light.  Then you take a long vacation and we catch the hell.
Holy cow, I don't gotta know nothing.
Maybe, or you gotta know now.
You think we'll go for that last place?
OK, go to Arthur Avenue; I'm suppose to call when I found somethin'.
Good for ten men...
Drive while you thinking; I wanna get to the City this month!
I'll think about it.
Sure.
Outside.
The guy at the gate's outside...says there's a package...
I tol' you to stay put, Paulie...
What are you, a dance judge?  Go do your job; take a walk around the neighborhood... see everything is okay.
You look terrif on the floor!
The Tattaglias will guarantee your investment also.
No.
Are you worried about security for your million?
No...how a man makes his living is none of my business.  But this proposition of yours is too risky. All the people in my family lived well the last ten years, I won't risk that out of greed.
If you think two million dollars in cash is just finance, I congratulate you Don Corleone.
So.  I receive 30 per cent just for finance and legal protection.  No worries about operations, is that what you tell me?
My compliments.  I'll take care of them from my share.
And what is the percentage of the Tattaglia family?
Thirty per cent.  In the first year your share would be four million dollars; then it would go up.
What percentages for my family?
I need two million dollars in cash...more important, I need a friend who has people in high places; a friend who can guarantee that if one of my employees be arrested, they would get only light sentences.  Be my friend.
Why do you come to me?  Why do I deserve your generosity?
My business is heroin, I have poppy fields, laboratories in Narseilles and Sicily, ready to go into production.  My importing methods are as safe as these things can be, about five per cent loss.  The risk is nothing, the profits enormous.
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
It's too late.  All the contracts have been signed, they're almost ready to shoot.
You look terrible.  I want you to eat well, to rest.  And spend time with your family.  And then, at the end of the month, this big shot will give you the part you want.
Sure.
You take care of your family?
He owns the studio.  Just a month ago he bought the movie rights to this book, a best seller.  And the main character is a guy just like me.  I wouldn't even have to act, just be myself.
All right, Hollywood...Now tell me about this Hollywood Pezzonovanta who won't let you work.
I'm not rich anymore, Godfather, and...my career, I'm almost washed up...
Can I do something for you still? You're not too rich, or too famous that I can't help you?
I kept trying to call you after my divorce and Tom always said you were busy.  When I got the Wedding invitation I knew you weren't sore at me anymore, Godfather.
Maybe I can help.
Tom, I never thought you were a bad Consigliere, I thought Santino a bad Don, rest in peace.  He had a good heart but he wasn't the right man to head the family when I had my misfortune.  Michael has all my confidence, as you do.  For reasons which you can't know, you must have no part in what will happen.
Tattaglia is a pimp.  He could never have outfought Santino.  But I wasn't sure until this day.  No, it was Barzini all along.
He was the one behind Sollozzo?
Barzini.
You mean Tattaglia.
Mention it, don't insist.  Barzini is a man who will know that without being told.
When I meet with Tattaglia's people; should I insist that all his drug middle-men be clean?
Now you've had your drink.
Yes.
But you needed a drink first.
I didn't tell Mama anything.  I was about to come up and wake you and tell you.  Just now.
My wife was weeping before she fell asleep, outside my window I saw my caporegimes to the house, and it is midnight.  So, Consigliere of mine, I think you should tell your Don what everyone knows.
It's from Johnny.  It was announced this morning.  He's going to play the lead in the new Woltz Brothers film.
What is this nonsense?
I've called the hospital; they've notified Consiglere Genco's family to come and wait.  He won't last out the night.
No, give him a living.  But never let him know the family's business. What else, Tom?
They'll cut the cake in a few minutes...leave right after that. Your new son-in-law, do we give him something important?
When does my daughter leave with her bridegroom?
It's been two years.  He's probably in trouble again.
No.  Let the people enjoy him.  You see?  He is a good godson.
Should I bring him in.
It is Johnny.  He came all the way from California to be at the wedding.
On a day like this.  Consiglero, do you also have in your notes the the Turk made his living from Prostitution before the war, like the Tattaglias do now.  Write that down before you forget it.  The Turk will wait.
This morning.
When did he call?
Two terms; one in Italy, one in the United States.  He's known to the Government as a top narcotics man. That could be a plus for us; he could never get immunity to testify.
And with prison record.
He's his own boss, and very competent.
The Senator called--apologized for not coming personally, but said you'd understand.  Also, some of the Judges...they've all sent gifts. And another call from Virgil Sollozzo.
I'm sure it's the most generous gift today.
You understand him better than anyone.
Is it necessary?
Good.
Yes.
Your wife and children...you're happy with them?
He will get in touch with you through someone you absolutely trust.  That person will arrange a meeting, guarantee your safety...
How?
Barzini will move against you first.
There are men in this world who demand to be killed.  They argue in gambling games; they jump out of their cars in a rage if someone so much as scratches their fender. These people wander through the streets calling out "Kill me, kill me."  Luca Brasi was like that. And since he wasn't scared of death, and in fact, looked for it...I made him my weapon.  Because I was the only person in the world that he truly hoped would not kill him.  I think you have done the same with this man.
I'll need him.
I see you have your Luca Brasi.
How did you find out?
I told you that it wouldn't escape his eye.
What else do you believe in?
A man has to choose what he will be. I believe that.
You are like me, we refuse to be fools, to be puppets dancing on a string pulled by other men.  I hoped the time for guns and killing and massacres was over.  That was my misfortune.  That was your misfortune.  I was hunted on the streets of Corleone when I was twelve years old because of who my father was.  I had no choice.
Then why have I become a man like you?
Yes, but sons who would be professors, scientists, musicians...and grandchildren who could be, who knows, a Governor, a President even, nothing's impossible here in America.
You wanted me to be your son.
No, I wanted other things for you.
I could accept everything that's happened; I could accept it, but that I never had a choice.  From the time I was born, you had laid this all out for me.
Accept what's happened, Michael.
I want children, I want a family. But I don't know when.
I understand, Michael.  But you must make a family, you know.
No.
Have you thought about a wife?  A family?
Good.  When you are finished, come and talk to me.  I have hopes for you.
I'm going to finish school.
And now, what do you choose to do?
I fought for my country.  It was my choice.
What miracles you do for strangers.
For killing a man.
And this?
For bravery.
What was this for?
Tom said he'd take care of it.
Will your girl friend get back to the city all right?
An Act of Congress!
Tom, what we need is an Act of Congress to allow Enzo to become a citizen.
Godfather, you understand everything.
You want him to stay in this country.
Now that the war is over, Enzo, this boy is being repatriated to Italy.  And you see, Godfather...  He...my daughter...they...
Nazorine, my friend, tell me what I can do.
...a fine boy from Sicily, captured by the American Army, and sent to New Jersey as a prisoner of war...
Bad news from America.  Your brother, Santino.  He has been killed.
What is it?
Even so, I don't think it is safe here anymore.  I've made plans to move you to a villa near Siracuse. You must go right away.
Is that why there are more men on the walls?
The younger men have no respect. Things are changing; I don't know what will happen.  Michael, because of the wedding, people now know your name.
Things went badly in Palermo?
No...I would like to walk to Corleone.
That is your birthright...but Michael, use this car.
Don Tommassino...I should see this place.
Long ago.  Now there is nothing: the men killed each other in family vendettas...the others escaped to America.
I was told that my Grandfather was murdered on its main street; and his murderers came to kill my father there when he was twelve years old.
There is nothing there.  Not anymore.
Corleone.
Where are you going?
I know.
You must understand that your Father's enemies have friends in Palermo.
Calo and Fabrizzio are with me; nothing will happen.
Michael, why must you do this.  We have been lucky so far, all these months you've been here we've kept your name a secret.  It is from love for your father that I've asked you never to more than an hour from the Villa.
Don Tommassino.
No, she's going home to her family. She'll join me in a few weeks...
Calo is having a cup of coffee in the kitchen.  Is your wife coming with you?
Get the car.  I'll be leaving in ten minutes.  Where's Calo?
Shhhhh.
Hey, beautiful girls!
Take me to America!  You need a good lupara in America?  You take me, I'll be the best man you got.  "Oh say, can you seeee...By da star early light..."
Yes.
Hey America!  Is she as rich as they say?
Only the son of a Pezzonovanta.
We hear.  We were told you were a Pezzonovanta...big shot.
How do you know I come from America?
You tell us about America.
Come Sunday morning:  My name is Vitelli and my house is up there on the hill, above the village.
It's the real Thunderbolt, then.
And hair.  Black and curly, like a doll.  And such a mouth.
Beautiful all over, eh?
This was a beauty.  Right, Calo?
I know about what you mean!
This one could seduce the devil.  A body! and eyes as big and black as olives.
You had better bring a few bottles home with you, my friend; you'll need help sleeping tonight. 
The Don has semi-retired.  I'm running the Family business now. So anything you have to say, say it to me.
Tom, you're the Consigliere; you can talk to the Don and advise him.
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
Mike, you sure about Moe selling. He never mentioned it to me and he loves the business.
Get rid of them...
Mike!
Give them some money and send them home.
That's for you to find out.
Who are those girls?
Come here a minute, Fredo.
Mike!  The party starting!
No.
Ever seen anything like that before?
You look good, too.
You look wonderful, kid; really wonderful.  That doctor did some job on your face.
He had business at the hotel, but he'll drop in for dinner.
Why didn't Moe Green meet us at the airport?
Well it's war!  We might not be in this shape if we had a real war- time Consiglere, a Sicilian.  Pop had Genco, who do I have?  Hey Tom, hey...hey.  It's Sunday, we're gonna have dinner.  Don't be sore.
Yes.  That's true, you're getting a hell of a reputation.
No more stalemate Tom, we got the soldiers, we'll match them gun for gun if that's how they want it. They know me for what I am, Tom-- and they're scared of me.
You start operating, the five families will start their raids again.  We're at a stalemate Sonny, your war is costing us a lot of money.
We'll let the old man take it easy for a couple of weeks.  I want to get things going good before he gets better.  What's the matter with you?
We put out a lot of material through our contacts in the Newspapers...about McCluskey's being tied up with Sollozzo in the Drug Rackets...things are starting to loosen up.
Pop, they hit us and we hit them back.
Can you do it Mike?
Jesus, I don't know...
No.  Our informer in McCluskey's precinct.  Tonight at 8:00 he signed out for Louis' Restaurant in the Bronx.  Anyone know it.
One of Tattaglia's people?
McCluskey can't stay with the Turk forever.  We'll wait.
I found out about this Captain McCluskey who broke Mike's jaw. He's definitely on Sollozzo's payroll, and for big money. McCluskey's agreed to be the Turk's bodyguard.  What you have to understand is that while Sollozzo is guarded like this, he's invulnerable.  Nobody has ever gunned down a New York Police Captain.  Never.  It would be disastrous.  All the five families would come after you Sonny; the Corleone family would be outcasts; even the old man's political protection would run for cover.  So just...take that into consideration.
No no, no more advice on how to patch it up Tom.  You just help me win.  Understood?
Yes, even the shooting of your father was business, not personal...
And when they shot me father...
Come ON Sonny, your father wouldn't want to hear this.  This is not a personal thing, this is Business.
Then THEY hand me Sollozzo.
The other families won't sit still for all out war.
No, no Consiglere.  Not this time. No more meetings, no more discussions, no more Sollozzo tricks.  Give them one message: I WANT SOLLOZZO.  If not, it's all out war.  We go to the mattresses and we put all the button men out on the street.
We should hear what they have to say.
Part of the deal: Bruno cancels out what they did to my father.
What about that Tattaglias?  What will they do about Bruno?
Sure, he wants us to send Mike to meet him to hear his proposition. The promise is the deal will be so good we can't refuse.
Was there a definite proposal?
OK forget it, just stay on the phone.
Maybe Mike shouldn't get mixed up in this so directly.  You know the old man doesn't want that.
OK, we sit tight until the old man can give us the lead.  But Tom, I want you to stay inside the Mall. You too, Mike, no chances.  Tessio, you hold your people in reserve, but have them nosing around the city.  The hospital is yours; I want it tight, fool-proof, 24 hours a day.
We're all tired...
Oh Christ Tom, I didn't mean it that way.
I was as good a son to him as you or Mike.
That's easy to say; it's not your father.
Without your father's political contacts and personal influence, the Corleone family loses half its strength.  Without your father, the other New York families might wind up supporting Sollozzo, and the Tattaglias just to make sure there isn't a long destructive war.  The old days are over, this is 1946; nobody wants bloodshed anymore.  If your father dies...make the deal, Sonny.
Tom, you're the Consigliere, what do we do if the old man dies?
Luca never sleeps over with a broad. He always goes home when he's through.  Mike, keep ringing Luca's number.
No, and I've been calling all night. Maybe he's shacked up.
Has anyone been able to get in touch with him?
If Luca sold out we're in real trouble.
What about Luca?  Sollozzo didn't seem worried about Luca.  That worries me.
The cops have it locked in and I got my people there visiting Pop all the time.  What about the hit list.
Is the hospital covered?
Okay.  One minute.
The old man wants you; Johnny's here...he's got a problem.
Mama, no.
Will you give this letter to Michael.
If I accept that letter and you told a Court of Law I accepted it, they would interpret it as my having knowledge of his whereabouts. Just wait Kay, he'll contact you.
Will you give this to him.
Listen Tom, I let my cab go; can I come in to call another one?
An accident.  No one was hurt.
What was that?
Nobody knows where he is.  We know he's all right, but that's all.
I've tried calling and writing.  I want to reach Michael.
Kay, we weren't expecting you.  You should call...
Good...then you can go...  I don't like violence.  I'm a businessman, and blood is a big expense.
I'll try...It's what the Don would want us to do.
I'll worry about Luca.  You take care of Sonny and the other two kids.
Even Sonny won't be able to call off Luca Brasi.
The Don was slipping; in the old days I could never have gotten to him.  Now he's dead, nothing can bring him back.  Talk to Sonny, talk to the Caporegimes, Clemenza and Tessio...it's good business.
Sonny will come after you with everything he's got.
Sonny was hot for my deal, right? You know it's the smart thing to do, too.  I want you to talk Sonny into it.
Okay my Kraut-Mick friend, Johnny will never get that part because I hate that pinko punk and I'm going to run him out of the Movies.  And I'll tell you why.  He ruined one of Woltz Brothers' most valuable proteges.  For five years I had this girl under training; singing lessons!  Acting lessons!  Dancing lessons!  We spent hundreds of thousands of dollars--I was going to make her a star.  I'll be even more frank, just to show you that I'm not a hard-hearted man, that it wasn't all dollars and cents.  That girl was beautiful and young and innocent and she was the greatest piece of ass I've ever ad and I've had them all over the world.  Then Johnny comes along with that olive oil voice and guinea charm and she runs off.  She threw it all away to make me look ridiculous.  A MAN IN MY POSITION CANNOT AFFORD TO BE MADE TO LOOK RIDICULOUS!
I'm German-Irish.
You smooth son of a bitch, let me lay it on the line for you, and your boss.  Johnny Fontane never gets that movie.  I don't care how many Dago, Guinea, wop Greaseball Goombahs come out of the woodwork!
He never asks a second favor when he has been refused the first. Understood?
Okay, but just tell him this is one favor I can't give.  But he should try me again on anything else.
Mr. Corleone is Johnny's Godfather. That is very close, a very sacred religious relationship.
A week from tonight.  In Brooklyn on Tessio's ground, where I'll be safe.
Have you agreed on a meeting?
I know now.  I'll make them call me Don.
How will they come at you?
Not all...I needed another four months and I would have had them all.  I guess you've figured it all out?
Did he give you his politicians?
Christ, Tom; I needed more time with him.  I really needed him.
OK, but then I agree with Tessio. You're going about it all wrong; you're making the move out of weakness... Barzini's a wolf, and if he tears you apart, the other families won't come running to help the Corleones...
You're not a wartime Consigliere. Things may get tough with the move we're trying.
Mike, why am I out?
Not so perfectly if you noticed.
Bookkeepers know everything. Rocco's men are all a little too good for the jobs they're supposed to be doing.  They get a little more money than the job's worth.  Lampone's a good man; he's operating perfectly.
I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking about Rocco Lampone building a secret regime.  Why does Neri report directly to you, rather than through me or a caporegime?
Tom, we're going to be legitimate all the way, and you're the legal man.  What could be more important than that.
Mike, why are you cutting me out of the action?
Let's say now that we have to kill McCluskey.  We'll clear that up through our Newspaper contacts later.
What about McCluskey?
Right.
No.  I guess I'll see you Christmas. Everyone's going to be out at Long Beach, right?
Sure.  Anything I can do for you.
Thanks Tom.
Hello Kay.  Your father's inside, doing some business.  He's been asking for you.
Is it true?
All right, this one time I'll let you ask about my affairs, one last time.
Tell me!
Don't ask me.
Michael, it's not true.  Please tell me.
Let me think about it, O.K.?
Will you?
Connie and Carlo want you to be godfather to their little boy.
I'm busy.
Why are you so cold to her and Carlo?  They live with us on the Mall now, but you never get close to them.
Let HER ask.
Your sister wants to ask you something.
Wake me up when you come to bed?
No, you eat...don't wait up for me.
Don't you want dinner first?
We'll go to the show tomorrow night--we can change the tickets.
Oh Michael.
I have to see my father and his people when we get back to the Mall.
Goodbye.
When will I see you again?
I want you to go back to New Hampshire...think things over.
When will I see you again?
I don't think so either.  I better go.
My parents don't read the Daily News.  All right, if you think I shouldn't.  I can't believe the things the papers are printing. I'm sure most of it's not true.
I don't think so.  You don't want to end up on page 3 of the Daily News.
Can I go to the hospital with you?
Visiting hour ends at eight thirty. I'll just sit with him; I want to show respect.
OK. 
Look.  I'll see you tonight, OK?
Please say it.
I can't...
Tell me you love me.
Huh?
Can you say it?
Yeah Kay, I'm here.
I LOVE YOU.
I love you.
He'll be OK.
How is your father?
Hello.  Kay?
No, I would not like you better if you were Ingrid Bergman.
Michael...
I'm thinking about it.
Michael?
Would you like me better if I were Ingrid Bergman?
No.
Would you like me better if I were a nun?
Hello...this is Long Distance.  I have a call from New Hampshire.  Mr. Michael Corleone.  One moment please.
Shhh, you be the long distance operator.  Here.
Michael, what are you doing?
Then we can have dinner, see a show, and spend one more night.
Michael.
For dinner.  Unless I call and tell them we're still in New Hampshire.
What time do they expect us?
As long as I tell him beforehand he won't object.  He'll be hurt, but he won't object.
What will your father say?
Just you.
And what do you want for Christmas?
We have something for your mother, for Sonny, we have the tie for Fredo and Tom Hagen gets the Reynolds pen...
He's my father's godson; he owes him his whole career.
I used to come down to New York whenever he sang at the Capitol and scream my head off.
Sure.
I didn't know your family knew Johnny Fontane.
My brother Sonny found him living in the streets when he was a kid, so my father took him in.  He's a good lawyer.
If he's your brother, why does he have a different name?
My brother, Tom Hagen.
How do you do.
Tom...Tom, I'd like you to meet Kay Adams.
He's coming over here!
I told you you wouldn't like him.
I never know when you're telling me the truth.
...who out of sheer terror had swallowed the bath towel in his mouth and suffocated.
Michael, I love you.
Then Luca turned to the other man...
Michael, I don't want to hear anymore...
Then the thighs where they joined the torso.
Michael you're trying to scare me...
Then the legs at the knees...
Michael...
My Father sent Luca Brasi after them.  He tied the two Capone men hand and foot, and stuffed small bath towels into their mouths. Then he took an ax, and chopped one man's feet off...
Al Capone!
Once upon a time, about fifteen years ago some people wanted to take over my father's olive oil business.  They had Al Capone send some men in from Chicago to kill my father, and they almost did.
Then eat your spaghetti and I'll tell you a Luca Brasi story.
You know I love spaghetti.
You like spaghetti?
Yes.  Tell me.
You really want to know?
Who is he?
No.  His name is Luca Brasi.  You wouldn't like him.
Because they know that no Sicilian will refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.
Why do they bother him on a day like this?
They're going to talk to my father, which means they're going to ask him for something, which means they better get it right.
They're talking to themselves.
They're waiting to see my father.
Michael, what are those men doing?
I told you I had a lot of relatives.
I've never seen anything like it.
We don't have to disconnect them, we can wheel the stand with the bed.
You've read about my father in the papers.  You've seen that no one's here to guard him.  Now I've just gotten word that men are coming to this hospital to kill him.  Believe me and help me.
Absolutely not!  We have to get permission from the Doctor.
You and I are going to move my father right now...to another room on another floor...Can you disconnect those tubes so we can wheel the bed out?
You cannot stay here...I'm sorry.
You just stand here one minute...
Oh your father just had too many visitors.  It interfered with the hospital service.  The police came and made them all leave just ten minutes ago.  But don't worry.  I look in on him.
I'm Michael Corleone--this is my father.  What happened to the detectives who were guarding him?
Probably a year...
O.K.  How long do you think before I can come back?
Sollozzo and McCluskey are going to pick you up in an hour and a half on Times Square, under the big Camels sign.
A million times.
What are you, inspecting the barracks?  You ready?  Did Clemenza tell you be sure to drop the gun right away?
Why don't you stop living like a bum and get this place cleaned up.
They want me to go to the conference with Sollozzo.  Set up the meeting for two days from now.  Sonny, get our informers to find out where the meeting will be held. Insist it has to be a public place: a bar or restaurant at the height of the dinner hour.  So I'll feel safe.  They'll check me when I meet them so I won't be able to carry a weapon; but Clemenza, figure out a way to have one planted there for me.  Then I'll kill them both.
Go on Mike.
The kid's right.
We can't wait.  No matter what Sollozzo say about a deal, he's figuring out how to kill Pop.  You have to get Sollozzo now.
The Turk wants to talk!  The nerve of that son of a bitch!  After he craps out last night he wants a meet.
Cut it out.
Mikey, you look beautiful!
I won't panic.
All right, get him in a different room; lock the door from the inside. I'll have some men there inside of fifteen minutes.  Sit tight, and don't panic.
Sonny...Sonny--Jesus Christ, I'm down at the hospital.  I came down late.  There's no one here.  None of Tessio's people--no detectives, no one.  The old man is completely unprotected.
I don't need them, Sonny.  I'm just going to see Pop in the hospital. Also, I got other things.
Send some bodyguards.
To the city.
Where are you going?
Is it like they say?  Is he that good?
Christ, if I could only contact Luca.
All right, Sonny.  All right.
I know I'm not the man he was.  But I'll tell you this and he'll tell you too.  When it comes to real action, I can operate as good as anybody short range.
That's not how Pop would have played it.
Sollozzo is a dead man, I don't care what it costs.  I don't care if we have to fight all the five families in New York.  The Tattaglia family's going to eat dirt.  I don't care if we all go down together.
Then wait, Sonny.  Talk to Pop.
Until the old man tells me different.
Is it going to be all-out war, like last time?
On the three days Paulie was sick this month, he got calls from a payphone across from the old man's building.  We got people in the phone company.  Thank God it was Paulie...we'll need Clemenza bad.
How can you be sure?
You're right, kid, Clemenza is okay. It was Paulie.
Clemenza?  No, I don't believe it.
One of them fingered the old man.
What?
All right, Mikey...who do we have to hit, Clemenza or Paulie?
Theresa.
Jesus Christ, he's my father, Sonny.
Oh no you can't, the old man'd be sore as hell if I let you get mixed up in this.
I can help you out...
Good.  She's been through it before. Me too.  You were too young to know about it.  You better wait outside; there're some things you shouldn't hear.
How's Mom?
I was worried when we couldn't get in touch with you in that hick town.
Is it all right if I go to the bathroom?
What is it?
What guarantees can I give you?  I am the hunted one.  I've missed my chance.  You think too highly of me, my friend...I am not so clever...all I want if a truce...
Most important...I want a sure guarantee that no more attempts will be made on my father's life.
Maybe.
We're going to New Jersey?
He won't be; I swear to you be my children he won't be.  Just keep an open mind when we talk.  I hope you're not a hothead like your brother, Sonny.  It's impossible to talk business with him.
I want to settle things tonight.  I want my father left alone.
I'm glad you came, Mike.  I hope we can straighten everything out.  All this is terrible, it's not the way I wanted things to happen at all. It should never have happened.
I do wish to be baptized.
Do you wish to be baptized?
I do renounce them.
And all his works?
I do renounce him.
Do you renounce Satan.
Yes, I promise.
Do you pledge to guide and protect this child if he is left fatherless? Do you promise to shield him against the wickedness of the world?
I can arrange security.
He talked to you?
Barzini wants to arrange a meeting. Says we can straighten any of our problems out.
Forgive me, Godfather, let our years of friendship be my excuse. How can you hope for success there without your strength here to back you up?  The two  go hand in hand. And with you gone from here the Barzini and the Tattaglias will be too strong for us.
No.  I want things very calm for another six months.
Let us fill up our Regimes.
Be patient.
I'm not asking you for help, Mike. Just take off the handcuffs.
Just be patient.
Barzini's people chisel my territory and we do nothing about it.  Pretty soon there won't be one place in Brooklyn I can hang my hat.
You son of a bitch, you think you can brush me off like that?  I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
I have to go back to New York tomorrow.  Think of your price.
Hell, he was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time.  Players couldn't get a drink.
You straightened my brother out?
Is that why you thought you could slap Freddie around in public?
The Corleone family don't have that kind of muscle anymore.  The Godfather is sick.  You're getting chased out of New York by Barzini and the other families, and you think you can find easier pickings here.  I've talked to Barzini; I can make a deal with him and keep my hotel!
You took Freddie in because the Corleone family bankrolled your casino.  You and the Corleone family are evened out.  This is for business; name your price.
You goddamn dagos.  I do you a favor and take Freddie in when you're having a bad time, and then you try to push me out.
You're unlucky.
You think I scam?
Your casino loses money.  Maybe we can do better.
The Corleone family wants to buy me out.  I buy you out.  You don't buy me out.
The hotel, the casino.  The Corleone family wants to buy you out.
Buy me out?...
Is my credit good enough to buy you out?
The chef cooked for you special; the dancers will kick your tongue out and you credit is good!  Draw chips for all these people so they can play on the house.
Thanks.
Mike, good to see you.  Got everything you want?
Find out anything you can...you got a Grand coming. 
I think so, but I can't get close enough.  There's a lot of blood. I'll try to find out more.
Is he alive?
Right.  Don't say my name, just listen.  Somebody shot your father outside his place fifteen minutes ago.
I think so.  Detective squad?
Do you recognize my voice?
Yeah.
I don't know why people say this country's civilised. It isn't. It's fucking primitive.
Well, she was already dead, darling, wasn't she, so I suppose --
It's always the same whenever someone new comes into his life -- Freddie, Fausto, Peter Smith-Kingsley -- he's wonderful -- did you meet him, he's a musician? -- ...and especially you, of course... and that's only the boys.
He's drowning me!
Okay.
If you're not at my place by 7.00, Tom and I are running off together.
Yes please!
Dubious but special honor, Tom -- crewing Dickie's boat. Alright, bar's open.
Oh, it was.
I hope it wasn't cheap.
Bastard!  Isn't it great, Tom? I found it in Naples. I bargained for about two weeks.
I had to promise, capital P, never to take it off -- otherwise I'd give it to you.
No it's for Tom as he didn't complain.
Oh darling -- is that for me?
Shut up.
It's the one task Dickie can do on his own -- make coffee.
Now you know why Miss Sherwood always shows up for breakfast. It's not love it's the coffee machine.
Then I'll go to your place and you can move in with Tom.
I don't like you.
Marge, you like everybody.
No, I like him.
You'd say if you mind?
Okay, darling.
It'll just be for a little while. He can be... he makes me laugh.
Yes, it's vile. Don't worry, you don't have to come.  It's great. You're going to love it.
It's vile.
Okay, we're going to Naples. There's a club, it's not a club, it's a cellar.
Did you speak to my father?
I'll come down.
Marge, Ripley's saying goodbye.
Hi Tom.
I don't get it.
Uncanny!
Meet my father, Herbert Richard Greenleaf 1st.
What? What?
Everybody should have one talent.  What's yours?
I'll do it. I make a fabulous martini.
Shut up!
Is that good?
Tom was telling me about his trip over. Made me laugh so much I got a nosebleed.
Yes, Tom Ripley's here.
We?
Well, we ate everything without you.
Fausto and I -- we took the boat out, we were fishing, and then it was dawn and we'd caught absolutely nothing.
You just woke up!
I just woke up. I'm sorry.
Did you forget where I live? It's four o'clock.
Sorry, sorry, sorry. I know, I'm late, I'm a swine.
And be careful in the sun. Your gray's in danger of turning a little pink.
Sure. Any time.
You should come and have lunch with us, before you go -- Dickie?
What are you doing in Mongi?
How do you do.
Sure -- I know, that's too dangerous for you, fair enough, hey! we're brothers, fine, then you do this sordid thing with Marge, fucking her on the boat while we all have to listen, which was excruciating, frankly, plus you follow your cock around like a -- and now you're getting married! I'm bewildered, forgive me... you're lying to Marge then getting married to her, you're knocking up Silvana, you've got to play sax, you've got to play drums, which is it, Dickie, what do you really play?
What evening?
The funny thing -- I'm not pretending to be somebody else and you are. I'm absolutely honest with you. I've told you my feelings. But you, first of all I know there's something -- that evening when we played chess, for instance, it was obvious --
You can be a leech -- you know this -- and it's boring. You can be quite boring.
What?
I'm actually a little relieved you're going, to be honest. I think we've seen enough of each other for a while.
No, no, it's not a threat, I've explained all of that.
Tom, I don't love you.
You love me and you're not marrying me.
I love Marge.
Yesterday you're ogling girls on the terrace, today you're getting married. It's absurd.
How?
How?
Marge and I are getting married.
You see, particularly with the Marge problem, you can just blame me.
Oh God, I don't think so.
Of course. Let's say, for argument's sake, you were here -- perhaps we could split the rent on a house -- I'll get a job -- or, better still, I could get a place in Rome and when we're there we could be there and if we're here we could be here --
Really? To Italy?
I thought I might come back. In the New Year. Under my own steam.
So tell me.
I wanted to tell you my plan.
So cool.
What?
I'm thinking of giving up the sax, what do you think about drums?
I've gotten to like it. I've gotten to like everything about the way you live. It's one big love affair. If you knew my life back home in New York...
Do you even like jazz -- or was that something for my benefit?
Ha.
I knew it! I had a bet with Marge!
Then I'll take it as a compliment.
I mean it as a compliment. You've got such great taste, I don't know. Most of the thugs at Princeton had tasted everything and had no taste. Used to say, the cream of America: rich and thick. Freddie's the perfect example.
Why?
No reason. Because you're leaving, I guess. I don't think you were there, were you?
Why are you asking all of a sudden?
Did I know you at Princeton, Tom? I didn't, did I?
Esatto. I'm always planning.
Ripley's plans.
I've got plans!
That's good.
I'm suddenly quite happy to be going back.
To Mongi. You're cheerful tonight.
To Mongibello and the happiest days of my life.
I don't think so, Tom. You can't stay on here without money. It's time we all moved on. Besides I'm sick of Mongi. Especially now with everything -- I really want to move to the North. I need to check out San Remo next week, find somewhere new to keep the boat. But it would be great, though, if you came with me. Our last trip before you leave. There's a jazz festival -- we could say goodbye in style. What do you think? A last trip?
What about Venice? Can we stick to that plan at least?
I can't, how can I, in all decency? We've had a good run, haven't we?
I thought you might write again. Now that we're brothers...
You can't blame him. You could hardly expect this to go on forever.
...The thousand dollars, of course, was only due in the event that you succeeded in bringing Dickie home. Naturally, I hope the trip has afforded you some pleasure despite the failure of its main objective you need no longer consider yourself obligated to us in any way...
I'm not going to say anything -- to Marge, or anybody, the police -- It's a secret between us and I'll keep it.
She came to me for help, she needed money, and I didn't help her. I didn't help her. Now she's dead and it's my fault.
You've been so good to me. You're the brother I never had. I'm the brother you never had.
What are you talking about?
I'm prepared to take the blame.
She was pregnant. Did you know that? Do you know what that means in a place like this?
I don't know! Why are you asking me?  How can it take an hour to find an ambulance?
What's the fight about? That's her fiancee, isn't it? Are they blaming him?
I was just fooling around. Don't say anything. Sorry.
He's downstairs.
Is Freddie here?
Freddie drove me back in his car.
I thought you'd missed the train.
Get undressed in your own room, would you?
You said I could pick out a jacket and I just... Sorry.
Shoes too?
I did. And then maybe get the jacket and what have you...
Freddie's arranged it with some of the skiing crowd. Come if you want but I thought you wanted to see the Forum...?
What club?
Look, Tom, we've got to go to a club and meet some friends of Freddie's. The best thing is -- if you want to be a tourist -- grab a cab and we can meet up at the railway station.
Freddie Miles. You know -- he's organizing the Cortina skiing trip.
Freddie?
Relax. The most important question is where to eat. I hope Freddie made a reservation.
It's just there's so much to do in a single day.
Relax.
Where do we find a carozza for the Forum, or can we hire any of them -- ?
I love how responsible you are. My Dad should make you Chief Accountant or something. Let me buy you a jacket. There's a great place when we get to Rome, Batistoni.
I can't. I can't keep spending your father's money.
You've got to get a new jacket. Really. You must be sick of the same clothes. I'm sick of seeing you in them.
He's getting impatient. He wants me to reassure him you'll be home by Thanksgiving.
What does he say?
Okay, you get in. I'm like a prune anyway.
I didn't mean with you in it.
No!
Means we never shared a bath. I'm cold. Can I get in?
Me neither. Nor does Marge. All only children -- what does that mean?
No, no brothers, no sisters.
Do you have any brothers?
Well we certainly know that's true.
Your handwriting -- nothing more naked. See -- nothing's quite touching the line -- that's vanity.
It must be a deep secret, cause I don't know about it.
Pretty vile. See this: The S and the T, do you see? -- fine, vulnerable -- that's pain, that's secret pain.
I know. I write like a child.
Like Clark Kent.  Now Superman.
Without the glasses you're not even ugly.  I don't need them because I never read. How do I look.
Now your signature.  Not "Dickie". Your signature.
She can do that stuff for you. Anyway, just wear some of my things, wear anything you want, most of it's ancient. 
No! I've got more than one shirt!
I love the fact you brought Shakespeare with you and no clothes. Ermelinda says you wash the same shirt out every night. Is that true?
Copy out from here...
The mysterious Mr Ripley. Marge and I spend hours speculating.  Cold beer. Thank you Dad.
A few places -- that's a few jobs. Anyway, I don't want to think about New York.
That's one job, you told me a lot of jobs.
I played piano in a few places.
I could fuck this icebox I love it so much.  What were you actually doing in New York?
You're breaking my ribs!
What?
You're breaking my ribs!
Do you ski?  Don't tell me -- you're a lost cause! That's the next thing to deal with. We're planning to go to Cortina at Christmas. Excellent skiing. Excellent.  Marge -- Ripley can't ski. We'll have to teach him that, too. Have you ever known such low class?
And Rome.
See Venice and die, isn't that right? Or is it Rome? You do something and die, don't you? Okay, Venice is on the list.
I have to go to Venice.
Sure. I love Venice.
Could we sail to Venice?
You're doing great. We'll make a sailor of you yet. You're doing really well.
I'm doing this wrong, aren't I?
Oh God -- I can just imagine -- if only Dickie would settle down... doesn't every parent deserve a grandchild? Never! I swear on your ring, Marge. I am never going back.
Your parents met her.
You're a dark horse, Ripley. Engaged?
Don't say it again. Now you're a Double Agent and we're going to string my Dad along, I was thinking we might buy a little car with the expense money he's sending you. What do you think, Marge... a little Cinquecento with my Dad's money?
This is so good of you.
I can't write and I can't spell. That's the privilege of a first-class education. You're upstairs at the back. I think Ermelinda made the bed up.
What time is it?  Oh God! Do you always type your letters?  That should be two Ts.
Good afternoon!
Bird!
I don't know. What's the name of your sailboat?
Bird! Ask me the name of my sailboat --
This is the best. Marge says she likes jazz, but she things Glenn Miller is jazz.
I love jazz.
You like jazz!
Go back! Go back to New York or call him if you can find a telephone that works, and tell him wild horses wouldn't drag me back to him or his shipyard.
I don't know, Dickie, I'm just telling you what I --
It's got nothing to do with my mother! She's had leukemia for -- ! This is what makes me boil about him! HE wants me back! -- it's got nothing to do with my mother.
No, I think your mother, her illness --
I'm never going back!
I'd pay you. If you would go to Italy and persuade my son to come home. I'd pay you $1000.
What?
Could you ever conceive of going there, Tom, and bringing him back?
Marge! You've got to hear this!
I met him in New York.
I feel like he's here. Horrible. Like the old bastard is here right now! That's brilliant! How do you know him?
Jazz, let's face it, it's just an insolent noise.
Stop! It's too much! You're making all the hairs on my neck stand up!
I like to sail, believe me, I love to sail! Instead I make boats and other people sail them.
What? What's this?
Now? Okay. Wait a minute. Talent --  The only talent my son has is for cashing his allowance.
That's three. Nobody should have more than one talent. Okay, do an impression.
Forging signatures. Telling lies. Impersonating practically anybody.
Sure.
Can you mix a martini?
I'm intruding.
No, still here.
Who? Oh, Tom, hello, how are you? We thought you'd disappeared. We were going to send out a search party.
That's funny.
You know, a primer.
Say again?
It's just an undercoat. 
Passing through! You're so white. Did you ever see a guy so white, Marge? Gray, actually.
Nothing. Nothing much. Passing through.
Ripley. Hullo. How do you do.
Princeton is like a fog, America's like a fog.  This is Marge Sherwood. Tom -- sorry, what was it?
Well, I knew you, so I suppose you must have known me.
Okay.  And did we know each other?
It's Tom. Tom Ripley. We were at Princeton together.
Who's this?
Aye, aye.
Marge-maintenance.
What are you doing?
Just point her at Capri and avoid the rocks.
Sure.
Do you think you can steer this thing?
I don't think so. Come back with me to Rome. There's this great new club. Have some drinks, lotta ladies...
Come on, Frederico, do you really have to go back? At least stick around for the Festival of the Madonna.
Listen, just take one of mine when we get back. Don't worry about it. I did the Forum with Marge and, frankly, once is enough in anyone's life.
Dick -- you've got to hear this!
Hey, if I'm late, think what her husband's saying!
This is Tom Ripley. Freddie Miles.
Ciao bello.  Don't you want to fuck every woman you see. Just once.
Frederico!
Is it on "delle Croce, just off the Corso"? You're a quick study, aren't you? Last time you didn't know your ass from your elbow, now you're giving me directions. That's not fair, you probably do know your ass from your elbow. I'll see you.
I suggest you ask Dickie that yourself. Otello's is on delle Croce, just off the Corso.
What? I think I'm saying it. Something's going on. He's either converted to Christianity -- or to something else.
Freddie, do you have something to say?
Have you done something to your hair?
Hardly.
In fact the only thing which looks like Dickie is you.
You should watch that!
Did this place come furnished? It doesn't look like Dickie. Horrible isn't it? -- so bourgeois.
No. No, I'm staying here for a few days, in Rome. That's a new piano, so you prob --
No thanks.  Some kid at the American Express Office.  Are you living here?
How did you find him? It's such an out of the way apartment. Can I fix you a drink?
Which is horseshit. Have you heard him play that thing?  He can't.
Of course, he's been very involved in his music, hasn't he? I think his theory is, you know, you have to go into a cocoon before you can become a butterfly.
He was supposed to come skiing. I didn't get a cable or a call or a note or, frankly, a fart.
What about Christmas?
Because he's been hiding from me -- what happened at Christmas?
He's gone to dinner! Search the place. I can't think why you would imagine Dickie would hide from you.
The landlady -- as far as I could tell, the landlady said he was here right now.
I guess.
I don't think he's at dinner at 6.30pm. If you said he was still at lunch I'd believe you. Incredible. The guy has disappeared off the face of the earth.
Yes, I'm good, thank you. Dickies at dinner. He's at Otello's. Do you know it?
Oh hello, where's Dickie? How are you?
Hello, Freddie, it's Tom, Tom Ripley.
It's Freddie. Let me in.
Who is it?
Dickie?
Hello?
No, he should talk to you alone.
We could go down to the bar -- no need for you to --
I'm going to take Marge for a little walk, Tom. Mr MacCarron wants to talk with you.
Perhaps you didn't mention them because there's only one conclusion to be drawn.
You know I feel ridiculous I didn't mention them yesterday -- I clean forgot -- ridiculous.
Marge has been telling us about the rings.
Hello, sir.  Marge, you should have waited, didn't Peter tell you I'd come by and pick you up?
Tom.
Well, if we all pushed him away what about him pushing us away? You've been a great friend to my son. Everything is someone else's fault. We all want to sow wild oars. Somebody's got to -- what's the word?  The moment someone confronts him he lashes out. He lashes out. You know, people always say you can't choose your parents, but you can't choose your children.
I feel guilty. I feel like I pushed him away. I spoke and he heard you.
And his passport photo? Did you hear? To scratch out your own face like that -- can you imagine -- the frame of mind you'd have to be in?  I've thought about going to the police but I can't face it. I can't face anything anymore.
I think it might hurt her to know.
No, Marge doesn't know the half of it.
I'll try my best, sir. Obviously I'll do anything to help Dickie.
He's being thorough, that's all. I'm learning about my son, Tom, now he's missing. I'm learning a great deal about him. I hope you can fill in some more blanks for me. Marge has been good enough to do that, about Mongibello.
Yes. What's the detective hoping to find in San Remo?
Marge, good morning. Unusual weather.
Yes it is.
Far cry from New York.
I'm well, thank you.
Tom. How are you? You look well.
Mr Greenleaf.
Good. Now you can go for a reason.
I've always wanted to go to Europe, sir, but...
Could you ever conceive of going to Italy, Tom, persuade my son to come home?  I'd pay you. I'd pay you 1000 dollars.
I see you were at Princeton. Then you'll most likely know our son, Dick. Dickie Greenleaf...
Tom Ripley. Thank you, sir.
Most enjoyable. Herbert Greenleaf.
Marge, there's female intuition, and then there are facts --
I don't know, I don't know, I just know it.
What a waste of lives and opportunities and --
Such as?
You don't want to, dear. I'd like to talk to Tom alone -- perhaps this afternoon? Would you mind? Marge, what a man may say to his sweetheart and what he'll admit to another fellow --
I just don't believe that!
This theory, the letter he left for you, the Police think that's a clear indication he was planning on doing something... to himself.
San Remo. The police are amateurs. Well, my boy, it's come to a pretty pass, hasn't it?
Where's Mr MacCarron?
Pretty good. Sticking with hot water.
One minute you people are children and the next you're getting tattooed.
Thanks, yes, I think we did.
I was sure we'd met, weren't you, Ted? This is Herbert Greenleaf's boy.
I'm sure we've met.
There's room for a whole libretto on Freddie's chest.
Can you bear it? We hear you're a friend of Freddie's -- he has I hate Opera tattooed on his chest.
Thanks so much for inviting me tonight.
Three different people saw Dickie get into Freddie Miles' car. A man who won't identify himself because he was jumping someone else's wife at the time saw Dickie removing license plates from a red sports car. The Police know about this man because he happens to be a Policeman.
I hope she never knows.
Mr Greenleaf appreciates your loyalty. He really does. Marge, she's got a hundred theories, but there are a few things she doesn't know. We hope she never knows.
Why do you think Dickie's father sent him to Europe in the first place? Did you know at Princeton Dickie Greenleaf half-killed a boy?
Okay.
I don't care for B.S. I don't care to hear it. I don't care to speak it.
I could probably see my bedroom from here. I can see my house. When you see where you live from a distance it's like a dream, isn't it?
Mr Ripley? I'm Alvin MacCarron.
Is Mr Greenleaf here?
Oh Marge.
I know it was you -- I know it was you, Tom. I know it was you. I know you killed Dickie. I know it was you.
What?
Why do I think there's never been a Ripley rainy day?
I don't know. Peter has a concert in Athens next month -- and he's asked if I want to go along, help out. He says goodbye by the way -- he's in rehearsal, otherwise --
What are you going to do now, Tom?
But I hope that note goes to New York in your purse, for a rainy day.
I don't believe a single word you've said.
It's all true.
I don't believe you.
I feel as if you haven't heard anything I've been saying to you.
Why? When?
I told you. He gave them to me.
Why do you have Dickie's rings?
Today, for the first time, I've even wondered whether he might have killed Freddie. He would get so crazy if anybody contradicted him -- well, you know that. Marge. I loved you -- you might as well know -- I loved you, and because he knew I loved you, he let you think I loved him. Didn't you see, couldn't you see? I don't know, maybe it's grotesque to say this now, so just write it on a piece of paper or something, and keep it in your purse for a rainy day. Tom loves me.
The scent you're wearing. I bought it for you, not Dickie. The thing about Dickie. So many things. The day he was late back from Rome -- I tried to tell you this -- he was with another girl. I'm not talking about Meredith, another girl we met in a bar. He couldn't be faithful for five minutes. So when he makes a promise it doesn't mean what it means when you make a promise. Or I do. He has so many realities, Dickie, and he believes them all. He lies. He lies, that's his... half the time he doesn't even realize.
I was looking for a needle and thread. I wasn't snooping. I was looking for a needle and thread to mend my bra.
Marge? Where are you going?
Shut up! Shut up!
He promised me. I swear I'll never take off this ring until the day --
Marge, calm down, you're being hysterical.
I have to tell Mr Greenleaf. I have to tell Mr Greenleaf. I have to tell Mr Greenleaf.
Let me put on some clothes and then we can talk about this.
Dickie promised me he would never take off this ring.
I can explain.
You've got Dickie's rings.
What?
I found Dickie's rings.
Tom, I need to talk to you. It's urgent.
Marge, I'm in the bath. Won't be long.
Tom?
Poor man.  We were knocking on that door for ever.  I think I've broken my strap.
He's having an early night.
Did Dickie's Dad go?
And you, sir? Any better?
Very.
To the manner born.
Look at me what?
He's American. He's already discovered Dickie cashed checks for $1000 the day before he disappeared.
That's a terrific idea.
Dickie hasn't killed himself. I'm sure of that. There's a private detective on the case now -- a Mr MacCarron -- Dickie's father's employing him.
I was looking forward to seeing him.
Tom.
Hello Marge!
Hello Peter, so good to see you.
No, well go if you want to, but don't talk to the Police about my face -- they find out he hit me -- he's got a temper -- he could've hit Freddie.  Good luck, Marge. I'll catch up with you later.
Perhaps I shouldn't go either.
We passed it a few blocks back, where the police were. The Palazzo Gioia. They don't even know I'm in Rome and I'm not going to incriminate Dickie --
Where does Dickie live?
Get on. I'll take you to him.
What?
My face! There was an argument. I said some things I shouldn't have. About you. About the appalling way he's treating you, all of us. And the next thing I know he's launched himself at me.  Are you getting on?
Dickie?
Dickie did it.
I tried again, waiting here, watching for him. Instead it's you. Whenever I look for Dickie I find you.  What happened to your face?
I'd swear he didn't. Of course he didn't.
Tell me the truth. Did he kill Freddie?
Marge, when did you get here?
Did he kill Freddie?
Really? That's swell. No, I was just -- you're way ahead of me! Great!
He was there with someone. So I suppose she must have dragged him -- that's not fair. I'm going back to Mongi. I think Dickie's coming home.  I'm going to go home.
I don't believe it. Wild horses wouldn't drag Dickie to --
Dickie was at the Opera last night.
You were going to Venice.
Marge, you know Dickie has I hate Opera tattooed on his chest.
Is he really not here?
No.  Hello, I'm Tom Ripley.
Is he here? Are you with Dickie?
Marge, how are you? What are you doing in Rome?
Oh my God. Tom.
I think you're right.
He hates being confronted.
Search me. I guess we're abandoned.
How long's he staying for?
Errand number one -- deliver Marge's perfume. Errand number two, pack some clothes and his precious saxophone.
Thanks. He knows I love this, although why it couldn't have waited...
He was thinking of you, Marge -- he asked me to deliver this.
Is that what he said -- he wanted to be alone?
Well, one day I'm invited skiing, the next day I'm not, one day we're all one family, the next day he wants to be alone. You tell me.
What does that mean?
I don't know. I don't understand Dickie, Marge, so your guess is as good as mine.
Ha. Did he say why?
I think he's planning on staying in Rome for a few days.
Where's Dickie?
I was just looking at you --  so quiet.
Yes -- I'm on a good streak, thanks.
How are you? Sorry. Is your book going well?
Tom, you startled me! You're back.
Hello Marge.
I'll go.
I'll go and see what's the matter.
Dickie!
Didn't Dick say? -- He talked to Freddie... apparently it's not going to work out --  Freddie says there aren't enough rooms.
What about Cortina?
Tell me, why is it when men play they always play at killing each other...? I'm sorry about Cortina by the way.
He's not even aware of it. When you've got his attention you feel like you're the only person in the world. That's why everybody loves him. Other times...
So I'm learning.
The thing with Dickie -- it's like the sun shines on you and it's glorious, then he forgets you and it's very very cold.
Sure.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
You really should go in, it's marvelous.
My fiance.
Frances?
I have to find a birthday present for Frances. Perhaps you can help me?
It's superb.
Tom, I love you!  See!  I bought it for him, for his birthday.
That ring's so great. The green one.
I absolutely agree with Marge.
Dickie, you can't even drive a car! No, what we need urgently is an icebox. What do you think, Tom? Agree with me and I'll be your friend for life.
He's not a man, he's a god.
Which is ridiculous. Boats are female, everyone knows you can't call a boat after a man.
Bird. That's jazz.
I never said that!
Back, I suppose, slowly as I can.
Hello Tom. You're off? What are your plans?
You were right about the telephones. There are no lines, there's some problem.
What's going on?
Pleasure to meet you, Dickie's made a fine catch. I know Emily thinks so.
He told me everything. I was supposed to meet him fifteen minutes ago, so I... I'm going to go now, I think. Unless he meant us to meet -- which would be a little cruel, wouldn't it?
How would you know that?
Marge, I don't know you, so I have no right, but Dickie loves you. He's -- I think you'll find he's coming home to you.
I told you! I knew it!
You were at the Opera? Well, that explains -- yes I was there. I was there with Dickie.
Dickie? Do you know Dickie?
No, nothing. I'm just thinking about when Tom arrived in Mongi.  And now look at you.
What's funny?
A hotel would've been fine.  We'll have to tell Mr Greenleaf how far his dollar has stretched.
That's why Tom wanted you to stay. It's better than squeezing into my room, and I know how you hate hotels.
This is spectacular.
Golly. Who's paying for this?
No, it's Tom's. Splendid, eh?
Is this you?
He's not coming till the morning. Evidently his stomach -- I don't think the food here is agreeing with him.
Where's Dickie's father?
I think we sort of found each other.
So you found Peter...
That was moving, wasn't it? When Meredith said --  Meredith's the American girl I saw last night, I know her, at the Opera, she's been seeing something of Dickie --
I hope so.
We think he's had a change of heart.  So we should be celebrating.
Do you know Tom?
No, we're meeting another friend. Tom Ripley.
I don't know her.  He hasn't called, he's hardly written, just these cryptic notes. You don't just dump people.
Look there's Meredith thingy -- who's that, Marge? -- They're in textiles... Meredith --  God, how awful, I've spent Christmas in her house...!
No glasses.
Peter Smith-Kingsley. I've heard about you, of course -- from Marge, and Dickie.
Peter Smith-Kingsley? I haven't seen him in months. No, I'm alone. 
Dickie, are you with Peter Smith- Kingsley? I bet you are. My aunt thought she saw him.
You know what -- I am.
So -- are you travelling under R?
I know. Look, I can't talk now. Later. Later?
You know, the whole world thinks you killed Freddie? It's terrible.
They're letting me have this vacation. Which is why the get-up. Which is why you haven't heard from me.
You're kidding.
I haven't been hiding. I've been in Police custody. They've been trying to flush out Freddie's killer.
When I thought about you I was mostly hating you. Where've you been hiding?
I've thought about you.
And co. A lot of co. Oh, God, I've thought about you so much.
Of course. Aunt Joan.
Hardly. I couldn't be less alone.
Just kidding. Are you alone?
What?
Well, you've spotted me and so you get the reward.
I was looking at you, your clothes, I wouldn't have known you...
Hello Meredith.
Dickie, my God!
Exactly. 10.30 -- 
I don't -- is that by the Spanish Steps?
Oh Meredith, I'm sorry. Of course I'll meet you. Let's have coffee in the morning at Dinelli's.
Will you meet me tomorrow? Just to say goodbye in the daylight, properly? So it's not just this, it's too... you should always save pain for daylight...
Beating you away.
Otherwise you'd be fighting me off.
No, I absolutely understand. Of course.
You're such a pal to understand. It's as if Marge is here now -- I look at you and I see her face -- and I can't, whatever I'm feeling towards you -- I just can't...
Don't worry. Really. Don't worry.
Okay then, you're crazy.
C'mon, I need to talk to you. Just the two of us.
You're crazy! It's freezing out there.
Let's take a Carozza and look at the moon.
I thought you were enjoying yourself?
Let's go.
I'll take them both.
Show me the other one again.  I like them both.
I've never admitted that to anyone.
I know.
The truth is if you've had money your entire life, even if you despise it, which we do -- agreed? -- you're only truly comfortable around other people who have it and despise it.
Don't be sorry. I've never been happier. I feel like I've been handed a new life.
Sorry, I wouldn't have made a joke if --
I've left Marge, Meredith. And Mongi. So the rat's here now, in Rome.
Now? I don't think so. But I've met him, of course, and we've chatted and I know about you and Marge and Mongi and what an unreliable rat you are. Freddie said you were a rat and I thought to myself now I know why he travels under R.
Is Freddie in Rome?
Everybody knows Freddie Miles.
How did you know that?
At Christmas. To Cortina with Freddie Miles and --
What?
But you're going skiing with us Yankees, aren't you?
Right.
Randall.
As in the Textile Logues. Trying to shrug off the dress. I travel under my mother's name, too.
As in the...?
The funny thing is, I'm not Randall either. I'm Logue.
Emily.  Just kidding.
Which is?
My father wants me in New York. He builds boats. I'd rather sail them. I travel under my mother's name.
So now, did they put your suitcase in the wrong pile? It's just -- upstairs -- weren't you under the R stand? I thought I saw you there.
Trying not to be. Trying to jump ship.
You're not the Shipping Greenleaf's?
Hello.
Dickie, Dickie Greenleaf. Hello.
I'm Meredith, by the way. Meredith Randall.
No, it's just -- you are American, aren't you? -- no, I just, I have so much luggage, and you're so, uh, streamlined. It's humiliating.
Excuse me?
What's your secret?
They found this in Dickie's place in Rome.
Questa lettera e stata trovata nell'abitazione del signor Richard Greenleaf a Roma.
Hmm. C'e questa... 
A ragione. A ragione. 
Non e questo il luogo per le vostre conversazioni private! 
Are you a homosexual?  Interesting non-sequitur.
Il signor Ripley ha sviluppate tendenze omosessuali?
He thinks it's very cold to be sleeping outside.
All'aperto? Col freddo che ha fatto?
Where have you been since then?
Dove e stato il signor Ripley da allora?
Quando e stata l'ultima volta che il signor Ripley ha visto il signor Greenleaf? 
He's taken over the case because... they're annoyed the previous chap let Dickie... disappear when he was the only, he was the only suspect in Freddie's murder.
Ho assunto io la guida delle indagini in seguito alla negativa valutazione delle disdicevoli circostanze verificatesi con il mio predecessore Roverini che come e noto non e riuscito a impedire il verificarsi della scomparsa del signor Greenleaf, il quale era l'unica persona al momento passibile di incriminazione del reato di omicidio del signor Miles.
...Tom is a mystery...
You're such a liar...
Good things about Tom Ripley? Could take some time!... Tom is talented. Tom is tender... Tom is beautiful...
You have the key. Tell me some good things about Tom Ripley. Don't get up. Just tell me some nice things.
And don't forget. I have the key.
Peter, I... I...
What are you talking about -- you're not a nobody! That's the last thing you are.
I suppose I always thought -- better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.
What do you mean lied about who you are?
I know. I'm lost, too. I'm going to be stuck in the basement, aren't I, that's my, that's my -- terrible and alone and dark -- and I've lied about who I am, and where I am, and so nobody can ever find me.
Really, why?  Sorry, I'm completely lost.
Well that would be even better gossip.
Or Tom and Peter even.
Dickie and Peter, that's just too good gossip, isn't it?
Why lie?
I lied. To her. She thought she'd seen you.
Didn't look that way -- you know -- from a distance.
Hardly kissing. Kissing off.
Meredith Logue. You were kissing somebody. Looked like Meredith.
Was who Meredith?
Was that Meredith?
Good. But I think we should stay in here for the rest of the trip.
How was it?
Well, that's entirely your fault. And, if I fall overboard, that'll be your fault too.
You go. I don't want to get dressed yet. Come back though. Come back.  You know, you look so relaxed, like a completely different person.
I don't know. Both. My plan right now is to go up on deck, look at the sunset. Come with me.
Plans -- good, plans for tonight or plans for the future?
All kinds of things. Making plans.
Hello. What are you up to?
Nothing.
What do you want to change about this moment?
Ask me what I want to change about this moment.
I give up.
Tom. Tom! Tell me, what's going on?
You try. You try talking to her.
Tom, are you okay?
Or I could come back.
It's okay.
Do you want me to stick around?
I'm fine.
Are you okay?
I'll fix some drinks.
Not guilty.
You look ghastly, Tom. Are you okay?
I'm sorry. I was asleep. I must have fallen asleep.
No key, huh?
I keep wanting to do that -- fling open the door -- let the light in, clean everything out. If I could get a huge eraser and rub everything out... starting with myself... the thing is, Peter, if...
Then you meet someone special and all you want to do is toss them the key, say open up, step inside, but you can't because it's dark and there are demons and if anybody saw how ugly it was...
Probably. In my case it's probably a whole building.
Don't you put the past in a room, in the cellar, and lock the door and just never go in there? Because that's what I do.
But you're still tormented, you must be, you've killed somebody...
Whatever you do, however terrible, however hurtful -- it all makes sense, doesn't it? Inside your head. You never meet anybody who thinks they're a bad person or that they're cruel.
Can you imagine, if Dickie did kill Freddie, what must that be like? To wake up every morning, how can you? Just wake up and be a person, drink a coffee...?
Just because he doesn't like Americans!
He's already angry, I don't think --
No I did not. I did not kill Freddie Miles and then kill Dickie Greenleaf. Is he accusing me?  Ask him if he's accusing me!
He wants to know if you killed Freddie Miles and then killed Dickie Greenleaf?
He says so many fiances.
What did he say?
Il signor Ripley ha una fidanzata, il signor Dickie ha una fidanzata e probabilmente il signor Freddie Miles ha molte fidanzate.
Tell him I have a fiance, Dickie has a fiance and Freddie Miles probably had a string of them.
No.  By the way, officially there are no Italian homosexuals. Makes Leonardo, Michelangelo very inconvenient.
No.
I don't know how to translate that.  E difficile... il signor Ripley... dormiva all'aperto, con un...
I've been backpacking.
A Roma, circa tre settimane fa.
In Rome, about three weeks ago.  I knew that one.
It's ridiculous but now you've mentioned the stench I can hardly breathe.
You've seen the papers, you know what a big deal it's been here. American tourist murdered --
No, but I thought that didn't happen in Italy, that each region was completely separate! I was sure that was the --
That's good, isn't it?
What do you mean? They're sending someone from Rome?
Anyway I've got to the bottom of the delay. Finally. We're waiting for someone from Rome.
It's okay.
Welcome to Venice. This place reeks, doesn't it? Can you smell it? Ugh. Sorry. Not the best way to spend your first day.
That Dickie murdered you and is travelling under your passport. I know, ridiculous.
What rumour?
Don't be daft. It's fine. I'm delighted you finally made it to Venice. I'm delighted, contrary to rumour, you're still in one piece?
Peter, I'm really sorry to put you through this. I just couldn't face going to the police by myself when my Italian's so rotten.
It's fantastic.  I feel guilty. Marge doesn't understand this, but anytime Dickie does something I feel guilty.
But the point is Dickie -- well we know this -- Dickie loves Marge and he misses her and apparently he's come to his senses...
My God.
Hi.  Sorry. You okay? You look as if you've seen a ghost...
Not at all. Morning Tom.
Sorry, sorry. Had to renew my papers. Italian bureaucracy -- never one stamp when they can make you line up for three. Have you been waiting long?
Okay. Marge, see you tomorrow.  It's really good to meet you.
We'll be there.
Ten thirty?
I know the Piazza di Spagna. What time?
Tomorrow's possible. Do you know Dinelli's? Piazza di Spagna?
And tomorrow?
I can't later.
Will we see you later?
Thanks.
Well hurry, before we sink.  Should I give you my telephone number in Venice?
I am. I really am. And I've been travelling. I just can't seem to get that far north.
Yes, what happened? I heard you were desperate to come. I was looking forward to rowing you around.
Where are you hiding him? He's impossible, isn't he?
Ditto.
Tomorrow.
I have a witness who thinks they saw two men getting into Mr Miles' car. She wants to identify you in a -- confronto -- line-up.  Tomorrow then?
Absolutely.
Good. The Goldoni. Yes -- you're right. A coincidence.  I look forward to our next meeting when I will be more careful with my English and persuade you to play me your saxophone. Alto.
No, I have and so has Miss Sherwood, ask her! And if I could remember which hotel he was staying at -- the Goldoni! -- Tom was staying at the Goldoni.
You have, yes.
I have!
Sorry. No one has seen Signor Ripley since San --
It is a little coarse, yes.
Now I think I have upset you. My English perhaps is coarse.
I'm not in the habit of carrying around photographs of my male friends.
Do you have a photograph of Signor Ripley?
I think I just said. Ripley was handling some business for me, nor does Mr Ripley want to marry me. Nor did he ask me every day if I would marry him. And when.
May I ask... why would you speak to your friend and not your fiance?
Thank you.
Let her in, what's the difference? Let her in.  No, actually, no, I'd like it very much if you would ask her to come back later.
That is Miss Sherwood now. Marge Sherwood.
31 people.
31 people.
It's not a pattern, it's a coincidence. There must be fifty hotels in San Remo, there must have been a hundred people renting a boat on that day.
No. Here is a pattern. Two days ago Freddie Miles is dead -- he leaves your apartment and is murdered. Yesterday a little boat is found in San Remo full of rocks, and the owner tells the Police it was stolen on November 7th. We look at hotel records and we see oh! Dickie Greenleaf is staying in San Remo and then our boatman remembers two Americans taking a boat.
No!
Does he stay with you here?
A few days ago.
And when did you last see Signor Ripley?
I don't remember the exact date.
November 7th is my information.
Was it? Did you speak to Tom?
November, I thought.
Yes, sure, we did go to San Remo. That was months ago.
What about Ripley?
What about Thomas Ripley?
Even her.
Even your fiance...?
I really don't want to see anybody.
Never. We've had many requests and, of course, we say no -- even to your fiance.
The telephone, the press, I've been, I'm feeling hounded -- do you think you could not give out my address?
My scooter. I fell off. Getting chased by photographers.
Of course. What happened to your face?
Can we go up? Do you mind?
No.
Well, he certainly wasn't dead when he drove off in his car.
Yes, exactly, but his first, his first conclusion was that Signor Miles was killed not later than seven o'clock yesterday evening.
Postmortem?
So, the Doctor, he has to make the --  -- come se dice?
Yes, if it's going to help, certainly.
Senta. We have to ask you to stay in Rome.
I went to bed. Freddie's a big man, but I'm in trouble after a couple of drinks. I've suffered all day. Who found him?
So Signor Miles drove away and you did what?
I can't be absolutely sure -- 8? 9? We'd both taken on far too many drinks -- but it was dark, it was certainly dark when I walked him down to his car.
It's a terrible shock, eh? What time did Signor Miles leave yesterday?
Inspector Roverini. Can we come in?
Yes?
Dickie Greenleaf?
Nah. I ain't interested.
I can get you front and center. What do you like? I can get you Mets, Knicks, Rangers? Hell, I can get you the Mayor's box.
Huh?
You like ball games?
They'd never get me to go back. They'd have to shoot me first.  You got anything to carry these in? 
It's hell out there all right. A real shit-eatin' war. I'll say this, though: It's bringing a lot of fantastic guns. The market's flooded. Colt automatics are all over. 
Yeah. I was all around. One hospital, then the next.
Vietnam? I saw it on your jacket. Where were you? Bet you got to handle a lot of weapons out there.
Huh?
You in Nam? Can't help but notice your jacket?
Sure, here, take this card, go to this place and give 'em the card. They'll charge you, but there won't be any hassle.
Is there a firing range around?
You can't carry in a cab even with a permit -- so why bother?
Nah, this'll be fine.
Well, you're talking big money now. I'd say at least five grand, maybe more, and it would take a while to check it out. The way things are going now $5.000 is probably low. You see, I try not to fool with the small-time crap. Too risky, too little bread. Say 6 G's, but if I get the permit it'll be as solid as the Empire State Building.
How much to get a permit to carry?
The .32's $150 -- and you're really getting a good deal now -- and all together it comes to, ah, seven eighty- five for four pieces and a holster. Hell, I'll give you the holster, we'll make it seventy-five and you've got a deal -- a good one.
How much for everything.
That's the Colt .25 -- a fine little gun. Don't do a lot of damage, but it's as fast as the Devil. Handy little gun, you can carry it almost anywhere. I'll throw it in for another $125.
I want a .32. Revolver. And a palm gun. That .22 there.
Some of these guns are like toys, but a Smith and Wesson, man, you can hit somebody over the head with it and it will still come back dead on. Nothing beats quality.  You interested in an automatic?
I got money.
That's an expensive gun.
You got a .44 Magnum?
Sure.
Maybe I'll see you again sometime, huh?
Yeah.
Travis?
Thank you, Travis.
No, no, please. This fare's on me. Please.
Oh, I got over that. It was nothing, really. The papers always blow these things up.  A little stiffness. That'll go away. I just sleep more, that's all.
How are you, Travis? I read about you in the papers.
Well, I hope he wins.
Yes. It won't be long now. Seventeen days.
I see where Palantine got the nomination.
Hello, Betsy.
Hello, Travis.
Can I call you?
Keep it.
What about the record?
I'm getting a taxi.
But... Betsy...
It's very simple. You go your way, I'll go mine. Thanks anyway, Travis.
Huh?
No, I don't feel so good. We're just two very different kinds of people, that's all.
You mean you don't want to go to a movie?  There's plenty of movies around here.
No, Travis. You're a sweet guy and all that, but I think this is it. I'm going home.
...there's plenty of movies around here. I haven't seen any of them, but I'm sure they're good.
We can go to another movie if you like, I don't care. I got money. There's plenty...
My God!
Well... mostly...
I mean porno movies.
This is sort of high class...
You mean these are the only kind of movies you go to?
Well, I don't follow movies too much...
These are not the kind of movies I go to.
What do you mean?
I'm leaving.
Where are you going?
I forgot to get the Coca-Cola.
What's wrong?
Damn.
No, these are the kind that couples go to. They're not like the other movies. All kinds of couples go. Honest. I've seen them.
But this is a porno movie.
I bought a couple of tickets.
What are you doing?
No.  I thought maybe you could play it for me on your player.
So you haven't heard this record yet?
I don't follow music much. I'd like to though.  Honest.
Your stereo broke? God, I could hardly stand that. I live on music.
Yeah, well my stereo player is broke. But I'm sure the record is OK.
Travis, you haven't even played the record?
He'll, what else can I do with it all?
You didn't have to spend your money -- ?
Kris Kristofferson.
Yeah. Yes. I don't follow music too much.
The singer?
Oh. Who was that again?
I didn't mean that, Travis. Just the part about the contradiction.
I'm no pusher, Betsy. Honest. I never have pushed.
That song by Kris Kristofferson, where it's said "Like a pusher, party truth, partly fiction, a walking contradiction". 
What?
You know what you remind me of?
It keeps ya busy.
You must be rich.
Sometimes 76 or 80. Sometimes I squeeze a few more hours in the morning. Eighty miles a day, a hundred miles a night.
You mean you work seventy-two hours a week.
I work a single, which means there's no replacement -- no second man on the cab. Six to six, sometimes eight. Seventy-two hours a week.
What hours do you work?
Well, no... not really... had some famous people in the cab.  I got this guy who makes lasers. Not regular lasers, not the big kind. Little lasers, pocket sized, small enough to clip your belt like a transistor radio, like a gun, you know. Like a ray gun. Zap.
That's very romantic. Some of your fares must be interesting. See any stars, politicians, deliver any babies yet?
I didn't mean you. But just ordinary people. A guy I know -- Dough-Boy -- met his wife that way. They got to talking. She said she usually caught the bus so he started picking her up at the bus stop, taking her home with the flag up.
Well, I don't go to the Plaza every night.
You'd be surprised how often you see the same people, get the same fare. People have patterns. They do more or less the same things every day. I can tell.
That would have been quite a coincidence.
South Bronx. The worst. I tried to ditch him, but he was already in the cab, so I had to take him. That's the law. Otherwise I would have picked you up.
The DMZ?
If it wasn't for a drunk I would have picked you up. He wanted to go to the DMZ.
You're right! Now I remember! It was after the Western regional planners were in town and the meeting went late. The next day I was completely bushed. It was unbelievable.
No. It was you. You had some manila folders and a pink bag from Saks.
Three in the morning? I don't think so. I have to go to bed early. I work days. It must have been somebody else.
Late one night. About three. At the plaza.
Huh?
I know. I could have picked you up.
Com'on, Travis. It's not that bad. I take lots of taxis.
The full moon. One night I had three or four weirdos in a row and I looked up and, sure enough, there it was -- the full moon.
The moon?
Oh, you see lots of freaky stuff in a cab. Especially when the moon's out.
That's really something.
I shut the meter off, for one thing. I knew I wasn't going to get paid. Then I dropped him off at the cop shop. They took him.
What did you do?
He'd been shot. I didn't know that. He just crawled into the back seat, said "West 45th Street" and conked out.
Really?
Just people people, you know. Just people.  Had a dead man once.
What kind of people?
Yeah, well...  In a cab you get to meet people. You meet lotsa people. It's good for you.
After this job, I'm looking forward to being alone for a while.
I had a regular job for a while, days. You know, doin' this, doin' that. But I didn't have anything to do at night. I got kinda lonely, you know, just wandering around. So I decided to works nights. It ain't good to be alone, you know.
So why did you decide to drive a taxi at night?
Oh, uptown. You know. Some joint. It ain't much.
Where do you live?
I can believe that.
Travis, I never ever met anybody like you before.
I know what you mean. I've got the same problems. I just can't get things organized. Little things, I mean. Like my room, my possessions. I should get one of those signs that says, "One of these days I'm gonna get organezizied"
We've signed up 15,000 Palantine volunteers in New York so far. The organizational problems are becoming just staggering.
Thank you, Travis.
My name is Travis.
Yes?
Oh, I appreciate that, Betsy mam. I'll be here at four o'clock exactly.  And... ah... Betsy...
All right.  All right. I'm taking a break at four o'clock. If you're here then we'll go to the corner and have some coffee and pie.
It's just to the corner, mam. In broad daytime. Nothing can happen. I'll be there to protect you.
I don't know...
Well, Betsy mam, I drive by this place here in my taxi many times a day. And I watch you sitting here at this big long desk with these telephones, and I say to myself, that's a lonely girl. She needs a friend. And I'm gonna be her friend. 
Why?
If you don't mind, mam, I'd be mighty pleased if you'd go out and have some coffee and pie with me.
Well, then, what is it you exactly want to do?
Well, Betsy mam, I drive a taxi at night.
Well, we're all working tonight.
If you don't mind, mam, I'd rather work for you.
If you talk to Tom, he'll assign you to something.
I'm a good worker, Betsy mam, a real good worker.
Well, that's not exactly what the Senator has proposed. You might not want to canvass, but there is plenty more other work we need done: Office work, filing, poster hanging.
Yes, mam.
You want to canvass?
Oh, I think he's a wonderful man. Make a great, great President.
Charles Palantine. The man you want to volunteer to help elect president.
Who mam?
Is that so?  But what do you think of Charles Palantine?
Now look more closely. Look around the eyes and chin. See? See there?
No, I don't think so.  That's someone else.
Just follow me.
What is it? I'm busy.
Betsy, come over here a moment.
Show me how he did that again.
No, this is young -- well, I'm never sure how old Black people are -- but, anyway, he isn't old. That's for sure.
I know that guy. His hand looks like a paw. An old Black guy, the newsstand at --
No, stupid. With the stubs. That's the whole point.
With the other hand, right?
First, he's not Italian. Second he's not a thief. I noticed the fingers when he was getting my change -- the right change. Two of his fingers are missing. Just stubs. Like they were blown away. I was putting my change in my purse when I saw him get out a cigarette. I couldn't help watching. I was dying to see how he'd light it.
I don't know. Maybe they don't leave a canary. Don't be technical. What I'm saying is if this newsstand guy's Italian and his fingers are gone, maybe he's a thief.
Why don't they leave a pigeon instead of a canary?
Don't be naive. They can't kill everybody. They have different punishments for different things. Like, if they kill a stool pigeon, they leave a canary on the body. It's symbolic.
As I said, he isn't Italian. Besides, I thought they just killed them.
Well, If he had been Italian, they could have been shot off. Sometimes the mob does that to teach guys a lesson, If they blow a job or something.
He's Black, OK?
You sure he's not Italian?
No, why?
Is he Italian?
He happens to be missing fingers. I first noticed when --
Ah, yes, the guy at the newsstand, Mr. Asbestos...
No. I just wanted to see if you could light it that way. The guy at the newsstand can.
I'm great. Always set my fingers on fire. If you want to see another trick. I do this thing with my nose.
Oh, are you all right?
Ouch!
This I gotta see.
This is gotta be a game, right?
Try holding the match like this.
I don't know -- but it feels like a long time.
How long has he been there?
That taxi driver. The one that's been sitting here.
What taxi driver?
Why's that taxi driver across the street been staring at us?
No, why?
Have you been noticing anything strange?
Sure we could run him. You realize he's already head of his block association.
That's the last. The finish. Period. Some people can learn. Some people can't. And you wonder why we never get serious --
Well, if Cronkite's so great, why don't we run him instead?
Alright, now. You want to know why CBS has the highest ratings? You think their news is any different from NBC, ABC? It's all the same news. Same stories. Same order usually. What, you thought they had good news for people, right? You thought that's why people watched CBS? I'll tell you why people watch CBS. Cronkite. The man. You got it? Not the news, not the issues, the man. If Walter Cronkite told people to eat soap, they'd do it. We are selling cars, goddamn it.
With who?
Maybe if you'd try thinking once in a while, you'd get somewhere.
Kidding around... you know, fun.
Just what?
No, c'mon, I'm listening. I was just...
Alright, forget it if you're not going to be serious,
More people watch it.
Have you ever wondered why CBS News has the highest ratings?
Well, for Christsakes, you sound like you're selling... I don't know what... cars... not issues.
Oh, Tom, please.
Just didn't get around to it, huh?
No, I didn't forget "sexy".
You forgot "sexy".
First push the man, then the issue. Senator Palantine is first of all a dynamic man, an intelligent, interesting, fascinating man.
I think we should try to get maximum coverage for this new mandatory welfare program. Push the issues.
Andy usually just sends those to the national media. The local press doesn't know what to do with a position paper until UPI and AP tell them anyway.
The senator's white paper is almost ready, Bets. Should we wait for that?
Tom, come here a moment.  I think this canvas report is about ready to go out. Check it out with Andy, and if he okays if, have a copy made for the campaign headquarters in every county.  And don't forget to add the new photo releases.
That's a dollar forty-seven.
That's fine.
We don't have ju-jukes. We don't have Coca-Cola. We only got Royal Crown Cola.
No, no, it's alright. I'll have a big Coca-Cola -- without ice -- and a large buttered popcorn, and...  ...some of them chocolate covered malted milk balls... and ju-jukes, a box. They last.
Ya want me to call da boss? Huh? That what you want?
No, I'm serious, really...
Awh, come off it, Pal.
What is your name? My name is Travis.
And the kid says, "Yeah. She's about 19, good-lookin." McCall says, "What can I tell you?"
Fuckin' One-Ball.
That's the guy. Eddie calls him up and says, "Hey, what do you want me to do. I'm over here at Poly Prep. I got a girl in the back and she doesn't have the fare. She wants me to come in back and collect. What should I do?
One-Ball McCall?
...he called up the Dispatcher last night. Charlie McCall, our dispatcher...
Support my kids. Can you dig it?  Nice to meet ya, Travis. So long, Wizard. Say hello to Malcolm X for me. 
What ya gonna do with all that money, Dough-Boy?
Well, if there's this many hackies inside, there must be lots of fares outside. And I'm gonna hustle 'em.
I never use mine. But it's a good thing to have. Just as a threat.
For a fee.
For a fee.
Truck drivers bring up Harlem Specials that blow up in your hand. But this guy don't deal no shit. Just quality. If you ever need anything, I can put you in touch.
The cops and company raise hell they find out.
Well, you ever need one, I know a feller that kin getcha a real nice deal. Lotsa shit around.
Fuckin' Mau Mau land, that's what it is.
You run all over town, don't you, Travis?
Look who's talking?  Who else would stay up all night to catch the morning rush hour?
We call him Dough-Boy cause he likes the dollars. He'll chase a buck straight into Jersey.
Yeah. We went to Harvard together. 
A real skunk.
She stayed in the cab, what's she gonna do? But she stiffed me. A real skunk.
And what happened?
Well, I said, "Lady, please, we're on a bridge..."
You said that?
Sure. What do you think? She wanted to get out of the cab. I said "Look, you're in the middle of the fucking bridge..."
What was I supposed to do? I was watching in the rear view. You know, just checkin' traffic.  So howsit?
Yeah.
Threw on the emergency, jumped the seat and fucked her brains out -- What do you think!  What do I have to do? Draw you a picture?
What did you do?
Well, she was trying to keep her skirt down, sort of, you know. But it was pretty obvious what she was doing. I mean, Christ, it was rush hour and the traffic's practically standing still.
Could you see anything?
Yeah.
No.
Well, whatever the fuck it is, she used it. And then the spray perfume. You know, the real sweat kind -- and, on top of that, get this, right when we're crossing the Tri-boro bridge -- she changes her pantyhose!
Ask Travis. He's the ladies man.
Yeah, that's Blush-On. My wife uses it,
The kind with a brush.
Not rouge. Blush-On, they call it.
First she did her make-up. You know, I hate it when they do that. I mean she does the whole works, the mascara, the eye-shadow, the lipstick, the rouge...
Yeah. Hey thanks. That's real nice, Travis.
20 bucks?
Nah.  I suppose not.
You carry a piece? You need one?
I have.
I mean, you handle some pretty rough traffic, huh?
Huh?
In the jungle. 122nd.
Where.
No, just some crazy fucker. Cut half his ear off.
Stick up?
Stick up?
Some fleet driver for Bell just got cut up. Just heard it on the radio.
My work may take me out of New York.
What do you mean?
I want to -- what else can I do with my money?  You may not see me again -- for a while.
You don't have to.
I'll give you the money to go. I don't want you to take any from those guys.
I sure hate to go alone...
I can't. Otherwise, I would.
Sure you don't want to come with me?
I think you should go home, but otherwise I think you should go. It would be great for you. You have to get away from here. The city's a sewer, you gotta get out of it.
Do you really think I should go to the commune?
Well, Iris, I look at it this way. A lot of girls come into my cab, some of them very beautiful. And I figure all day long men have been after them: trying to touch them, talk to them, ask them out. And they hate it. So I figure the best I can do for them is not bother them at all. So I don't say a thing. I pretend I'm not even there. I figure they'll understand that and appreciate me for it.
You're not much with girls, are you?
I'm sorry, Iris. I didn't mean that.
God. I know where they should have a commune for you. They should have a commune for you at Bellevue.
I don't know. Just should, though.  Somebody should kill 'em. Nobody'd miss 'em.
How?
You can't leave 'em to do the same to other girls. You should get rid of them.
Sport never treated me bad, honest. Never beat me up once.
Cops don't do nothin.
What should I do? Call the cops?
You just gonna leave 'em?
Just leave'em. There's plenty of other girls.
What are you going to do about Sport and that old bastard?
God, I don't know who's weirder, you or me.
Yeah.
Do I look like a narc?
You a narc?
I can't say -- it's top secret. I'm doing something for the Army. The cab thing is just part time.
What's so important?
I've got something important to do. I can't leave.
Why?
Besides, I've got to stay here.
You a scorpion? That's it. You're a scorpion. I can tell.
I... I don't get along with people like that.
Why not?
Me? I could never go to a place like that.
Why don't you come to a commune with me?
I never been to a commune. I don't know. I saw pictures in a magazine, and it didn't look very clean to me.
Rock music died in 1970, that's what I think. Before that it was fantastic. I can tell you that. Everybody was crashing, hanging out at the Fillmore. Me and my girlfriend Ann used to go up the fire escape, you know? It was unbelievable. Rock Stars everywhere. That Airplane -- that's my group, man. All Libras. But now everybody's split or got sick or busted. I think I'll move to one of those communes in Vermont, you know? That's where all the smart ones went. I stayed here.
He's worse than an animal. Jail's too good for scum like that.
What makes you so high and mighty? Did you ever look at your own eyeballs in a mirror. You don't get eyes like that from...
He shoots dope too.
I think Cancer's make the best lovers. My whole family are air signs.
He looks like a killer.
I'm a Libra too. That's why we get along so well.
Huh?
He never killed nobody. He's a Libra.
That fella "Sport" looks like a killer to me.
Who's a killer?
At least I don't walk the streets like a skunk pussy. I don't screw and fuck with killers and junkies.
God, you are square.
Didn't you ever hear of women's lib?
But you can't live like this. It's hell. Girls should live at home.
Why do you want me to go back to my parents? They hate me. Why do you think I split? There ain't nothin there.
I ain't ever been there, but it don't seem like such a bad place.
Pittsburgh.
Where?
Where is home?
...and after that Sport and I just started hanging out...
O.K. It's a date. I'll see you here, then.
Well, you want to or not?
Well tomorrow noon there's a... I got a...
Sure. All right. We'll have breakfast. I get up about one o'clock. Tomorrow.
No, I mean really. This is nothing for a person to do.
That's not hard to do.
Can I see you again?
I understand, mister. It means something, really.
Well, I tried.
I was stoned. That's why they stopped me. When I'm not stoned, I got no place else to go. They just protect me from myself.
But that one night?
I can leave anytime I want.
Don't you want to go?
I think so. I tried to get into your cab one night, and now you want to come and take me away.
Do you understand why I came here?
Don't you understand anything?
You can do it in my mouth.
Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it!
Don't you want to make it?  Can't you make it?
Listen...
Oh, come off it, man.
Do they drug you?
I musta been stoned.
But you're the one that wanted to get away. You're the one that came into my cab.
Why should I want to get out of here? This is where I live.
Can't you listen to me? Don't you want to get out of here?
You want to make it like this? 
I don't want to make it. I came here to get you out.
We better make it, or Sport'll get mad. How do you want to make it?
It don't matter. I'm gonna get you outta here. 
I don't remember.
You tried to run away in my taxi but your friend -- Sport -- wouldn't let you.
No.
I drive a taxi. You tried to get away one night. Remember?
Why? Who are you?
That's what you think.
That's a nice name.
Iris.
What's your real name?
I don't like my real name.
What's your real name?
It's easy to remember. Easy Lay.
That ain't much of a name.
Easy.
What's your name?
It's your time mister. Fifteen minutes ain't long.  That cigarette burns out, your time is up.
Yeah. From the likes of them.
A girl needs protection.
Why you hang around with them greasers?
All right.  You see that guy over there?  His name is Sport. Go talk to him. I'll wait here.
Well... I guess so.
You looking for some action?
Hello.
Well, you should know, damn it, or who else would know? Pull over right here.  Why don't you stick your goddamn head out of the goddamn window once in a while and find out about the goddamn fog!
No.
There isn't time for that. In other words, you don't know.
Have you tried the telephone?
The Empire State in fog means something, don't it? Do you know, or don't you? What is your number, cabbie?
Then it's a good guess it's grounded.
Listen -- I mean I just saw the needle of the Empire State Building. You can't see it for the fog!
Why should it be grounded?
Thank you, sir. You're a good man, sir.
Nice talking to you, Travis.
Damn straight.
I know what you mean, Travis, and it's not going to be easy. We're going to have to make some radical changes.
Well, he should clean up this city here. It's full of filth and scum. Scum and filth. It's like an open sewer. I can hardly take it. Some days I go out and smell it then I get headaches that just stay and never go away. We need a President that would clean up this whole mess. Flush it out.
There must be something...
I don't know, sir. I don't follow political issues much.
Travis, what single thing would you want the next President of this country to do most?
I'll tell you, Travis, I've learned more about this country sitting in taxi cabs than in the board room of General Motors.
I'm sure you'll win, sir. Everybody I know is going to vote for you.  I was going to put one of your stickers on my taxi but the company said it was against their policy.
Why, thank you Travis.
Well, I'm one of your biggest supporters. I tell everybody that comes in this cab that they should vote for you.
Yes I am.
Say, aren't you Charles Palantine, the candidate?
Yes, Sir.
Well then check back tomorrow.
No.
Hell, we ain't that much fussy anyway. There's always opening on one fleet or another.  Fill out these forms and give them to the girl at the desk, and leave your phone number. You gotta phone?
So I hear.
We hire a lot of moonlighters here.
No, I want long shifts.
You moonlightin?
Honorable discharge. May 1971.
Military record?
Some. Here and there.
Education?
Twenty-six.
Age?
Also clean.
Physical? Criminal?
Sorry, sir. I didn't mean that.
Listen, son, you gonna get smart, you can leave right now.
Clean. Real clean.  As clean as my conscience.
How's your driving record?
I'll work anywhere, anytime. I know I can't be choosy.
You want to work uptown nights?
You kiddin? Who else would hack through South Bronx or Harlem at night?
We don't need any misfits around here, son.
I ride around nights mostly. Subways, buses. See things. Figur'd I might as well get paid for it.
So whatja do now?
I know. I tried that.
There's porno theatres for that.
I can't sleep nights.
So why do you want to be a taxi driver?
Yes.
Got your license?
No Sir.
No trouble with the Hack Bureau?
Great, hey. Thanks a lot.
Sure, Henry. I got it all. We'll send you all the stuff all right.
My name is Henry Krinkle -- that's with a "K." K-R-I-N-K-L-E. I live at 13 1/2 Hopper Avenue, Fair Lawn, New Jersey. Zip code 07410.  Got that?
Sure.
You would, huh?
Look, um, if you give me your name and address, we'll send you the information on how to apply.
What kind of guns do you guys use? .38's?
Is that so?
I was in the Army too.  And I'm good with crowds.
Oh?
I kinda thought I might make a good one. I'm very observant.
Why?
Is it hard to get to be a Secret Service Man?
Oh, lots. I don't know where they all are now. There used to be one standing over there. 
Who?
I've seen a lot of suspicious-looking people around here today.
Why do you ask?
Are you a Secret Service Man?
Show it to me.
Hey, mister, I don't know what's going on here. This don't make any sense.
Get it.
No.  Hillbilly, you'd better get your wise ass outa here and quick, or you're gonna be in trouble.
Yeah, Iris. You know anybody by that name?
Wha -- ?
Iris?
I'm here to see Iris.
What's going on?
How are things in the pimp business, hey Sport?
O.K., cowboy.
Hey, Sport. How are things?
Funny, you don't look hip. 
I'm hip.
Well, if you are, it's entrapment already.
I'm no cop.
Take it or leave it.
Shit.
I saw. $20 fifteen minutes. $30 half hour.
I'm no cop.  I want some action.
Anything you say, officer.
Your name Sport?
Here, officer, take me in. I'm clean. I didn't do it. Got a ticket once in Jersey. That's all. Honest, officer.
Thanks.
Don't worry, Killer. You'll be all right.  I seen enough to know.
Yeah. Sorry, Wizard.
You fit in. It's lonely, it's rough at first. But you fit in. You got no choice.
Neither do I, I guess.
What do you expect, Bertrand Russell? I've been a cabbie all my life, what do I know?  I don't even know what you're talking about.
That's just about the dumbest thing I ever heard, Wizard.
Look, a person does a certain thing and that's all there is to it. It becomes what he is. Why fight it? What do you know? How long you been a hack, a couple months? You're like a peg and you get dropped into a slot and you got to squirm and wiggle around a while until you fit in.
Travis, look, I dig it. Let me explain. You choose a certain way of life. You live it. It becomes what you are. I've been a hack 27 years, the last ten at night. Still don't own my own cab. I guess that's the way I want it.  You see, that must be what I am.
Like do anything, you know.
I know.
Yeah.
The taxi life, you mean.
Sometimes it gets so I just don't know what I'm gonna do. I get some real crazy ideas, you know? Just go out and do somethin.
It happens.
Real down.
Things got ya down?
Well, I just, you know...
Shoot. They don't call me the Wizard for nothing.
I wanted to ask you something, on account you've been around so long.
Yeah?
Look, ah, we never talked much, you and me...
Yeah?
Wiz?
Slow.
What's the action around?
Some fleet driver for Bell just got cut up. Just heard it on the radio.
So howsit?
Hey Wizard.
Travis.
Shit, shit, shit what time is it.  Hello.  I'll be downstairs in ten minutes.
Don't stop...  do no stop.
Okay.  How 'bout Carla Goodspeed?  Six years, Bill.  We've lived together six years.
Stick with Carla.
Carla Pestalozzi?  No. Definitely not.  You could have posed for the Mona= Lisa.  Sophia Loren looks Swedish next to you.
You think I'm too...  ethnic for country music?
Hey!  Now there's some good news.
That record company.in Nashville wants to hear my demo tape.
Could we change the subject?
You know how I feel about what you do.
Not really.
You want to talk about it?
Had a close one.
Name your vacation spot, Goodspeed. The Bureau'll pay for it.
Just come and get me, sir.  I'm tired.
What do you have, a FUCKING WATER PISTOL?  Get him back!
He's got a gun, sir.
Don't let him do that.
He says he's leaving the island sir.
What is happening?  Where's Mason?
It's me sir.
MY girlfriend's pregnant.
Spit it out.
I join the F.B.I. I ask for fieldwork.  They say, "Bill, you're too fucking= smart for field work." Every year I put in for a transfer and every year I= sit in that goddamn lab like the fucking Maytag repairman in the= commercial.  Then the call finally comes, and it's a whole fuckin, city at= stake?  Oh Jesus...
You're not wimping out on us, Goodspeed.
Thank you.
Archbishop of Canterbury.  Imprisoned and executed by Henry the Second ...
Maybe.  Not really.
Ancient Greece.  Alchimadus was imprisoned by his king.
No.
What's that?  Mason?
St. Michael's Church, Fort Walton, Kansas.  Front pew.  Right leg. = Hollow.
Yes.  To wish someone a prosperous jouey.
God's speed.
All I know is that whatever you did, you don't deserve to go back.
I'm not a fool, Billy.
You knew?  All this time?
Womack ripped it up, right?
Mason, uhm, John, I have something to tell you.  You know that pardon= contract you signed?
Partners.
Partners?
An F.B.I. Man asking me for a break. How droll.
I'm not a field agent, all right?  So cut me a break.
Surprise, surprise.
The cell, Mason.
You referring to your intellect, Goodspeed?  Or another portion of your= anatomy ....
It's about time.
Mason.  Mason?
Find the rockets.  If they're guarded, kill the men guarding them.
Wait.
Now they only have three rockets left.
What are you doing?
I'm not the chemical weapons expert.
What, vou?
Wrong.
I'll go.
It's all I could think of.
Limp dick?
No. I'm going to give you dancing lessons.  What the fuck do you think?
I.don't get it.  You're going to help me?
Wait.  Where're you going?
For christ's sake. Mason trudges down the tu=3Del.  Goodspeed follows him.
Don't shoot me. Mason was actually slinging it over his shoulder...
For cottonmouth. Goodspeed and the S.E.A.L.s exchange looks.
Motor oil?
Where is he sir?  RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME.  What's he doing?  HE'S ON THE= PHONE.  I DON'T FUCKING KNOW, HIS STOCKBROKER! Oh shit.  Gotta go.
John Mason.  ' Don't be shocked.  I don't have much time.  Please listen carefully  ....
Yes.  You'll be outside.
You suppose?
Well yes I suppose ...
During the time I cooperate, will I be outside?  Outside a jail?
I don't understand....
Tell me what you really do.
I'm a field agent.
What do you do for the F.B.I., Goodspeed.
And  I love you, Pete!
Dell, I can't write unless I'm happy, and I can't be happy unless I'm here -- and with you.  This is me, Delly.  Pete Appleton. And I love you!
Pete, I'm so sorry about what they did to you.  I didn't think you'd come back, I thought you'd want to write again...
I see you got the telegram.
Mr. Chairman, as I understand it, the Fifth Amendment pertains to self-incrimination, and I can't incriminate myself because I've done nothing wrong.  Besides, incrimination is why you have Mr. Clyde working for you.
Tell them Pete.  Tell them...
Okay.  What's the second thing?
Just remember two things.  First, the law is a living thing.  It made us free and it keeps us free. Sometimes it gets twisted around by people for their own purposes. Sometimes it makes mistakes, sometimes big mistakes.  But in the end, the law prevails for the just. Sometimes, it takes a while.
Delly... thanks, thank you.  I'll take good care of this.
Not exactly light reading, I know. Believe it or not, I've read this since high school, and it got me all the way through law school. Besides, there's something in there that'll help you.  You won't have to get very far, it's near the beginning.
Damn...
Did you bring along something to read?
Maybe we could train Cat to run the projector.  You know, a system of scratching posts, and gears, and levers...
And who's gonna run the projector until you get back?  Mrs. Terwilliger?
I wish you were coming with me.
You'll be fine.  No matter what Leo Kubelsky says, you've got a hundred and seventy-five years of American law on your side.  Don't forget that.
Yeah.  Except a chance in hell of coming out of this intact.
You've got everything?
Whatever happens.
You'll stand by me?
I am, too.
What about you, Delly?
Forget about all that.  You want to do the right thing?  Then defend your name.  If someone says something about you that's untrue, you have to stand up and say so.  I know the law, and the law's on your side.
Come on, Delly, look at the country today.  We're fighting communists in Korea, we're paranoid about the Russians, we've got this thing with the Rosenbergs and the atomic bomb...  You think they want "suspected communists" entertaining the American public with party propaganda like, gosh I don't know, "Sand Pirates of the Sahara?"
But if you only went to one meeting, why does anyone care? Besides, why should it even matter if you were a communist?
The truth is, I'm a lot of things, but communist isn't one of them.
I believe you.
Thanks, I like it.  I think.
You know, it's going to take me a while to get used to calling you Pete.  Pete.  Pete.  It's a nice name.
Well... let me tell you, I'm not Luke.  I know who I am now, and you don't.  And... I don't like me very much.
Oh, yes.  Yes, he was.
This Luke was a pretty good guy, wasn't he?
Yeah?  I'm sure a lot more people down in L.A. want a piece of me.
I'm sure a lot of people down in L.A. are worried sick about you.
Hi.
Hi.
I had it, a minute ago...
Besides, Daddy's still trying to figure out how to get his new television set working.
Honey, I... I can't... it's the...
Daddy, that's Luke, can you let him in?  I'll be right down.
It's possible.
You mean,  me?
I'm afraid not.  He looked right at your picture without batting an eye.  But it's probably temporary. He got all the way to Lawson, so he clearly knew who he was and what he was doing until he hit his head. I'm sure it'll all come back to him.  It just takes a catalyst.
... including me.  Right?  
He doesn't remember anything, Delly.  Doesn't know how he got here, doesn't remember his father, the town, the Bijou, anyone...
Dad... 
Well...
Yeah, well it's not everyday you get  news like this.  You're sure he's  okay?  Other than the  bump on the head?
That always used to work.
I think  it's worse  now.
No hiccups, which was good.  Who wants an attorney who gets the hiccups when she gets nervous?  "Your  honor, I  object!"
That's my girl!  Did you...?
Not as bad as I thought it would. I think I passed.
How'd it go?
Delly?  In here.
Dad?
No... I can't... I have to... I can't...
Delly, shhhhhh...
Delly.  I'm... I'm not... Harry wasn't my father.  And I'm not... I'm not Luke.
I see...
Well... everything.  It started coming back a couple of days ago. I remember everything now.
What... do you remember?
Guess I must've learned.
It never used to be.  You were two left feet on the dance floor.  Like pulling teeth to get you to do a little box step.
Thanks.
Your dancing's very good.
That's... pretty frightening.
Alex and Charlie?  Simple.  Alex is the smarter one.
How do you tell those two apart, anyway?
Oh.  Okay.
Nope.  Just filling in the blanks.
Now, did you remember that, or...
No kidding.
Exactly.  And he got good.
... he started practicing, and he left me alone from then on.
You had a hidden agenda, though. See, when he was five or six, little Spence used to follow you around like a puppy.  Bothered the hell out of you.  But as soon as you gave him the clarinet...
Huh.  That was nice of me.
Back in '37, you heard Benny Goodman play for the first time, so you went out and got a used clarinet.  You wanted nothing more than to be able to play like him. You tried hard, but it wasn't long before it was clear that Benny Goodman would never be looking over his shoulder.  So you gave the clarinet to Spencer.
My what?
No, they're not.  I'd say your investment was paying dividends.
They're not bad.
Oh.
You tried to once.  It was pretty pitiful.
I don't smoke?
When did you start smoking?
Have you got a cigarette?
Well, there's got to be a way...
A loan to a man who ran his business into the ground and his son who can't account for the last nine-and-a-half years of his life? Not likely.
What about a loan?  You could go to the bank...?
Yeah, and needless to say, none of us has that kind of money lying around.
Nine hundred...
It's gonna cost over nine hundred dollars to open the place, Delly.
You know, everyone's so excited about the Bijou re-opening...
Oh.
We've done this before, so many times.  The last time was so long ago, but it feels like yesterday.
What?
This is strange.  Do you feel it?
... and It's just... well, deja vu.
Oh...
No... you were wearing that suit the last time we went out before...
Eventually.  We were going to be  engaged... when you came back from  overseas...
Were we going to get married?
I'm  fine.  Really.  
Do you have the...
Nothing.  
What was that?
Yes.  Hic!
We were in love... weren't we?
Yeah...
No, you are.  I know exactly what you mean.  It's not that you're missing something.  It's that the other person gives something to you... that you had all the time. You just didn't see it until they came along.
No, it's okay.  See, when two people belong together, the other person should be the... the key that unlocks the rest of you... I'm not making sense, am I?
I'm sorry.
Actually, I was married.  For four years.  But... well, we didn't fit together.  I'm divorced now.
You don't have a boyfriend or anyone... you know... like that?
Oh, well... I guess you... in high school, you were a pretty good first baseman.  And we were on the debate team together.  But... I think you were gonna run the Bijou. You were brought up there, and you loved it so much.  And I think you knew how much the town needed a place like that.
What did... what did I want to be?
You... don't remember, but yes, ever since I was a little girl.
Have you always wanted to be a lawyer?
Sorry.  You don't know how many times I've heard that.  "A lady lawyer?  Are you crazy?"  Like a woman couldn't be as good a lawyer as a man.  Or better, in fact.
Whoa.
And why not?
So, you're really gonna be a lawyer?
After they commissioned it, no one could ever agree on where to put it.  The Methodists wanted it in front of the Methodist Church, the Presbyterians wanted it in front of the Presbyterian Church, the city council wanted it in the lobby of City Hall.  Everyone finally got tired of the fighting.  So they stuck it down here.
It doesn't seem right, this being down here.  It ought to be where people can see it.
Right here.  "Albert Lucas Trumbo." And all the others.  I knew them all.  So did you.  We went to school with most of them.
Through the door.  It comes apart.
How'd they get it inside?
Of course, there was a lot more room before they stuck the memorial down here.
Be a gentleman.  You have to help me down.
Why me?
You first.
You must not remember anything. Come on.
City hall?
Well... where can we go?
Then why do I feel like we're still being shadowed?
Go on home, folks.  And thanks for the welcome.
You can all go home, now.  He's not going anywhere.
I did?  Huh!
Yeah, a little.  I think you grew an inch or so.  And you've lost weight.
I do?
You look... different.
Me too.
No, I... I just wondering where you've been all this time.
What.
I've seen you before.  Your picture...
Do you... remember me?
Well, then, as what did you go?
That's not a contradiction at all, sir.  I went to the meeting, but I didn't go as a member.
Yet you're contradicting yourself. You earlier testified that you attended a meeting of a communist party-run organization, yet you just said, under oath, that you were not now -- nor ever -- a member of the communist party.
I'm not refuting anything.
Are you refuting this evidence and your previous testimony?
No, sir.
Are you now, or have you ever been, a member of the communist party?
Mr. Chairman, the witness is being non-responsive...
Well, I know that I lost my job because of one meeting I went to when I was a kid in college.  I know that I've been branded a communist, which I'm not, but even if I was, it shouldn't matter, or what do we have a Bill Of Rights for?
All right, Mr. Appleton.  That was what you knew then.  What do you know now?
Well, if you'd seen Miss Angstrom...
Are you asking this committee to believe that you attended a meeting of a communist party front organization in order to impress a girl?
Well, that's what I knew then.  Or who I knew, I should say.  You see, I was trying to court Miss Angstrom.  I went to the meeting to impress her.
We see it.  For the record, it reads "Lucille Angstrom."  What's the point of this?
Well, I'd direct the attention of counsel and committee to line thirty-six of the document, and the name printed and signed there.
Start with what you knew then.
Mr. Clyde, do you want to know what I knew then, or do you want to know what I know now?  They're two different things?
Mr. Appleton, please tell this committee what was the nature and purpose of the "Bread Instead of Bullets Club?"
Yes it does.
Referring to line thirty-seven of the document, does your printed name and signature appear there?
Yes... yes, I do.
Good.  Good.  Now, I hold in my hand a photostatic copy of the attendance roster for the "Bread Instead of Bullets Club" of the University of California, Los Angeles, dated October 11, 1935.  A copy of this paper is before you, Mr. Appleton. Do you recognize it?
Mr. Clyde, I remember everything.
I'm interested in knowing if you remember things you did in your past, or if they've been conveniently "blotted out" as a result of your "accident."
Sir, are you referring to the fact that I was suffering from amnesia, and I've since recovered my memory?
And what is the state of your memory now?
Yes.
Anyone who reads the newspaper is quite familiar with your... "accident," Mr. Appleton.  An accident which, conveniently, came hard upon your dismissal from United Pictures.  Tell us, this "accident" of yours, are we given to understand that it affected your memory?
Yes sir.  But I didn't go to Lawson to run The Bijou, that was... that was something that just happened. You see, I was involved in an accident in Lawson, and I spent some time recovering there.
Now, I see that you've been running a movie theater in Lawson called "The Bijou," is that also true?
Well, I'm sure we're all glad to see you came through it all right.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I see that Private Trumbo was reported missing in action and is presumed dead.  I also see that you were posted stateside during the war.  Fort Dix?
Mr. Clyde you're twisting things around.  I wasn't masquerading. Luke Trumbo... Luke was a good man who gave his life for his country. I just... happen to look a little bit like him.  That's all.
Is that because you were masquerading as Luke Trumbo while you were in Lawson?
Luke Trumbo?  We never met.  But I'd like to think I know him.
Mr. Appleton, do you know an "Albert Lucas Trumbo?"
Sir, that is true.
Mr. Appleton, you will...
Mr. Chairman... there's... another Amendment... that I'd like to invoke at this time, but it's not the Fifth Amendment.  I wonder if you're familiar with it.
Go ahead, son.
I... I need a drink of water.
Mr. Appleton?  Mr. Appleton?
I'm sorry, sir, I have no intention of making light of this committee. And I have no intention of incurring your wrath, Mr. Chairman. I have a few friends who have already incurred your wrath. They've sent me letters from jail.
Mr. Appleton, you are making light of a legally constituted committee of the United States Congress. Believe you me, you do not want to incur our wrath.
The witness need not be hesitant to say anything before this committee, as long as it's the truth.
I'm a little hesitant to say.
Um... no.  I don't have a statement at this time.
Yes.  A prepared statement.
A statement?
Now, we're informed that you have a statement you'd like to read, is that correct?
I'll do my best, Mr. Chairman.
The chair notes that you are appearing without the benefit of counsel today, Mr. Appleton.  We certainly hope this means that you intend to be fully forthcoming with this committee?
Peter Kenneth Appleton.  Hollywood, California.
Be seated and state your full name and place of residence for the record.
I do.
Do you swear that the testimony you are about to give before this committee of the United States House of Representatives will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you god?
Don't mention it.  Welcome home, Luke.
Thanks for the lift, Cecil.
Well, son, you're home!
Here we are.
Ben, when's Delly due back?
Only one in town.  Get in, son.
Listen to me!  The young man in there...
Lord love a duck, Harry, you wanna give me a heart attack right in front of the doctor's office?
Cecil!  Cecil, there's a young man in there...
Exactly.  Break it to her gently.
Tomorrow afternoon...  ... oh my god...
Give the man a hug, boy!  That's your father!
Mother o'god...
Shhhhhh.
Are you saying that he's...
By all means.
Doc, with your permission, I want to bring someone in here.  Maybe it'll jar this young man's memory.
What I'm thinkin' is we got us one a'two things here.  A mystery or a damn miracle.  And by god I can't tell which.  Boy, you say you have no idea who you are?  That right?
No identification at all.  What're you thinkin', Cecil?
No wallet, huh?
I don't know what else to tell you. I wasn't hiding out.  I hit my head and I didn't remember anything until a few days ago.
Well, no, but these gentlemen would like to get some answers...
The Bijou?
C'mon, I'll give you two a lift back to the Bijou.
I remember the picture... but I don't remember where I saw it.
Or the Bijou.  Either one.
"It's a Wonderful Life?"
The Jimmy Stewart picture?  I remember that one.  Saw it over at the Bijou.  So, you remember that, huh?
"It's a Wonderful Life."
What's that?
Well, this place sorta reminds me of something.
But what?
No.  But...
You ever been in this town before, to your knowledge?
Yes.
Mr. Fitts, with all due respect, I think Lawson needs the Bijou a bit more than it needs a super market. And I think Lawson deserves the Bijou.  There's not a lot that can be done to help us get past the pain we've all felt...
So... you do intend to fix the place up after all?
You think it over.  No reason to risk financial ruin for the sake of a crumbling old building.
A super market.  Huh.
The days of the storefront grocery are numbered.  I plan on putting up a free-standing supermarket.
That's... well, that's very generous, but if you've already got a store...?
Luke, I'm hopping you can help him see the reality of the situation. I'll come to the point.  I want to buy the property, and I'm prepared to offer six-thousand dollars for it.  And that's just for the property, mind you.  If you want, I'll leave it to you and your father to dismantle and liquidate the building for whatever salvage value it has, and you keep those proceeds.  I just want the land.
Well, he loves the place.  It's his home.
I can only imagine.  You know, I spoke with your Dad last year about maybe taking the Bijou off his hands.  I don't think he gave it very much thought.
We're gonna try.  Place needs a lot of work.
And I hear you and Harry are planning on re-opening the Bijou.
Thanks.
Like Ernie said, we're all glad to have you back.
Good to meet you.  Again.
Luke, you probably don't remember me, Roscoe Fitts, I'm the grocer here in town.
Don't tell me, I know about these things.  I've seen it before.  It's all right.  It's... all right. You're here.  Oh, God, I love you, son.
You're not going anywhere, Harry.
I'm not happy about this, mind you, but if I have to go, at least I'm going in my own bed, the same bed my Lily died in, and... knowing that my son is alive.  That's not too shabby, is it?
Vultures...
A few.
Anybody take it?
I know.  Everyone went home.  We offered them refunds.
Did you fix the damn film?  It broke in the last reel.
Did I what?
Did you... did you...
I'm here.
I know, I know... keep still.
The film broke...
Jesus...
Six-thirty.  I thought we'd get an early start.
Luke... what time is it?
You know, since you've been back, that's the first time you've called me "Dad."
... what?
Ha!
Dad, I...
Well, son, I wish I could've shown you more, but this is all that's left.  Just this one reel that never got sent back from a picture we showed here a long time ago. Nineteen twenty-five, to be exact...
Yes.
Beautiful, wasn't it?
Oh, no, I...
Why don't you two get out there and dance?
They're...
And you have sixty-eight dollars and thirty-seven cents in the bank. Your only source of income are my veteran's death benefit of forty dollars a month, to which you're no longer entitled since I'm alive, and these ten dollar a month cash deposits you make.  What are those?
Between a new screen, paint, plumbing for the concession stand, and about a hundred other repairs around the theater... it's going to cost at least nine hundred dollars to get the Bijou into shape to open up.
Yes?
Well...
Goodnight, son.  'Night, Delly.
You bet.
You two have a lot of catching up to do, I guess.
I'll be home in a little while, Harry.  Don't wait up.
Oh, hi Cue... Carl.  Sorry.
Carl.  Friend of yours from high school.  Everybody calls him "Cueball."
... Ernie.
Ernie.
Son, I think you loved the Bijou even more than I did.  You've got to remember that.  You've got to.
But I...
I know it's hard to believe, son, but this place, this little place this wasn't a theater then, this was a palace!  Any man, woman, child, you, me, it didn't matter, you bought your ticket and you walked in and you...
Yeah, I know, but poultry...?
Forty-two was a lean year around here.  The war had just started... you were gone less than a month... and we were coming off a bit of a drought as I recall.  Not everyone could ante up the price of a ticket, and a chicken's as good as money if you ask me.  At that time, it meant a lot to the folks around here to be able to come to the pictures.
"one fryer and two-dozen eggs?"
Yes?
"Eight p.m. showtime, ninety-six admissions, receipts including concessions, $84.75... plus one fryer and two-dozen eggs."
Gary Cooper.  And Barbara Stanwyck. Yowsa.
"February 10, 1942.  Picture 'Ball of Fire.'"
Well, I'm the first one to admit that I don't know anything about bookkeeping, but there are some very interesting things in here.
No, your mother did, then I did after she passed.
Um... Harry?  Did I ever keep the books here?
You know, I hate to bring this up, but screens and uniforms and paint and repairs are going to take money, which I'm willing to bet none of us has.
I promised him a new uniform when we re-opened.  And you'll get one, too.
Six-thirty.  I thought we'd get an early start.
Oh.  What... what time is it?
This is the staff of the Bijou.
Who... are they?
They couldn't wait to see you.
Well, yes, that she was.  She certainly made this place a home.
Mother.  She's beautiful.
That's Lily.  Your mother, rest her soul.
Oh, I had Irene and Old Tim but they really couldn't help much. Broke their hearts when we closed up.  Broke mine, too.  But now that you're back, well, things will be different around here, that's for sure.  C'mon, I'll show you where we live.
Didn't you have any help?
Well, after the war, with so many of the town's boys killed, people around here didn't much feel like going to the movies, I guess.  Some of 'em moved away -- Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Francisco.  Wasn't much to keep 'em here, I expect. And now with this "television" thing -- people just aren't going out as much as they used to.
Why?
Hmmmm... after you left, it was difficult, and then Lily -- that's your mother -- she took ill and died... we haven't shown a picture since forty-eight.
Exactly how long has the Bijou been closed?
Ah.
We've been closed for a while.
Can't wait.
Wait'll you see the inside!
Nine and-a-half years...
Nine and-a-half years ago.
You joined up one month to the day after Pearl Harbor.  January seventh... nineteen forty-two.
When did I leave?
You never came back from the war. We were told you were missing and presumed dead.
Ah.  Luke.  Luke.  I like it.
Albert Lucas Trumbo.  But you've been "Luke" since you were a baby.
And... what's my name again?
Harry, son.  Harry.
Excuse me... what's your, um, your name?
Pete...
'Sides, car's right outside.  I'll be seein' ya, Jer.
I'll save you the trouble.  I'm a cab.  There.  Did it myself.
Then I'll call you a cab.
Nope.  Can't.  We're through.
I wanna close up soon.  C'mon, let's call her.
Sandra Sinclair.  Wanna know her real name?  Bella Iskowitz.  No one's who they really are, Jer. Everyone's someone else.  Even you. Even me.  Especially me.  I'm Peter Appleton, the communist who's not really a communist.
Gimmee her number, I'll have her pick you up.
Sandra Sinclair.
Pete... go home.  Come on, I'll call that girlfriend of yours, what's her name... Sandy?
This is not a bender yet.  This is the start of a bender.  But I can see how you were confused, they look a lot alike.
Sure, I suppose.  That why you're on a bender?
You know I'm not a communist, don't you, Jer?
You should watch what you say.  You don't know who's listening.
Too bad.  He says I'm a communist.
Pete, if J. Edgar Hoover walked in here wearing a dress, I wouldn't know him.
Zackly.
The G-man?
You tight with J. Edgar Hoover?
What.
Thanks, Jerry.  Tell me something.
Bought the bottle, didn't I?  To the United States of America. Long my she wave.
Pete.  You think maybe you've had enough?
We live in a theater?
That's where you live.
Wish I could say the same thing.
... sorry 'bout that, but you do look familiar to me.
Thanks.  Well, Sheriff's on his way over, and maybe we can get to the bottom of who you are...
She's very pretty.
That's me and my daughter Adele. My pride and joy.  Charms the fish right out of the lake, she does.
Well, at least you remember "Moby Dick."
Call me... Ishmael?
What is it?
It's okay, son.  We just need to call you something.  That's all.
I... no, I... I just can't...
And you don't know your name or who you are, that right?
It's possible.  I just don't remember.
Do you remember if you were driving a car?  Maybe you went over the bridge.  No guard rail there, it's easy to do.  It's happened before.
Thanks.
Here, one of mine.
Lucky you got out, that water's got quite a pull, and it empties straight into the ocean.
I guess I did.
Well, you've been wet to the skin. You must've fallen in.
I don't remember.  I guess so. Smells like it.  Tastes like it.
Been drinkin' a bit, have we?
No, sir.
Any idea how you got here, son?
Even if we could, and the move didn't kill him, there'd be very little we could do there that we can't do here.  I'm sorry.
Can we get him to the hospital?
It's a pretty massive heart attack. His lungs have filled with fluid, and, well... it seems as though his body is just... shutting down.
No, I'm not much of a dancer.
Aren't you coming?
You kids off to the dance?
Oh, you mean the suit.  Harry kept all my old clothes.  Fits okay, but it's a little big.
Uh, no... just seeing you standing there, it reminded me... there's a word for it...
What's wrong?
Evening, Doctor Lardner.
Evening, Luke.
Huh?  Oh, sure.  Just pull the door shut when you leave.
Take a hike.  Am-scray.
Huh?
Here's three months rent, and a ten spot for no more questions and to keep an eye on his place.  Now, I need a moment alone.
Thirty a month.
What's his rent?
Well, his rent's past due and he said to call you in case of an emergency.  He lose his job or somethin'?
Wouldn't blame him if he was.
You think he's drunk somewhere?
Hey, it's the best way to tell.
Jesus.
Don't smell nothin'.  He must not be dead in here.
You smell gas?
Climb down off your cross.  They already knew about her.  She was subpoenaed six months ago! Who the hell do you think named you?
Thank me publicly?  For what?  For ruining this woman's life?
So, our lawyers had a talk with the Committee's lawyers.  That Elvin Clyde fella won't be too happy about it, but we cut a deal. They cleared you -- and they're gonna thank you publicly for your testimony purging yourself.
Oh god, oh, god, no, I...
You should keep track of your old school chums.  Turns out she eventually joined the communist party.  On top of which, she's Lucy Angstrom Hirschfeld now, and she happens to be a writer for "Studio One" on CBS.
Leo, she was... she was a girl I knew in college...
Well, that's not what they think.
Her name was right there in front of them.  They gave it to me, I didn't give it to them.
What, all of a sudden, "Lucille Angstrom" isn't a name?
Leo, I didn't give them the names. I wouldn't do that.
Kid, you gave them what they wanted.  This committee, it feeds on names.  The more names, the better.  But for some high-profile witnesses, like yourself, any name will do.
What do you mean?
Peter, I'm an agent.  I buy lunches and get deals made for guys like you.  That's what I do.  You're a writer.  You write pictures. That's what you do.  And trust me, you'll be back doing it again tomorrow morning.
What, you're going to go back to that hick town and run the projector and marry the doctor's daughter?
Besides, I don't even know if I want to write anymore.
Not at all.
Leo, you were in there, you saw what I did.  You think they're gonna let me write pictures?  Hell, they're probably gonna throw my ass in jail.
Why not?
Not any more.
Oh, I see.  But you're not Luke. You're Peter Appleton, the picture writer.
Luke didn't smoke.
When'd you quit smoking?
No thanks.
Cigarette?
No, of course not, why should you be sorry?  You're the new Peter Appleton.  You exercised your rights as a solid citizen, first amendment, freedom of speech, all that.  Very noble.
I'm not sorry for what I said.
That was quite a show you gave them today.  We shoulda sold tickets.
Peter, don't let that stop you all of a sudden.
It's wrong, Leo.
Lest we forget, Peter, your own military career was somewhat less illustrious than Luke's.
That's not the country Luke fought for.
Next time, it might be the FBI. The time after that, it might be the President.  But it'll always be someone.  Count on it.
So it doesn't make any difference that I'm not one now, and have never been one.
Exactly.
And I won't be a communist anymore.
However... you're gonna be subpoenaed to testify before the Un-American Activities Committee when they open hearings in Los Angeles.  Now, if you play ball and tell them what they want to hear, they'll clear you.
Well, that's a relief.  I understand they usually don't let that stop them.
The FBI can't arrest you, because you haven't done anything wrong.
Yes.  Leo, goddammit... this isn't fair!
Don't say that.  There is no such thing as a blacklist.  Now, are you gonna play ball?
So, it is a blacklist.
That's the one, "Ashes To Ashes." I think it's great.  But it'll never get made with this communist business hanging over your head. You can't work until you're cleared -- and believe me, starting right now, I'm gonna do everything I can to make that happen.
"Ashes To Ashes?"
Peter, I believe in you.  More to the point, I read your new script... um...
Yeah, well, that's enough.
They don't want you to testify because you're not a big enough fish for them.  They just don't want you writing pictures for now. That's all.
Why not?
You can't testify.
At least I was on our side!  Look, they want me to testify?  I'll testify.  I'll tell 'em anything they want to hear!  Jesus, Leo, this is my career!
You broke your arm.  You were coming out of a bar.  You were drunk.
Exactly.
I know.  A Purple Heart.
I was decorated.
Fought?  Come on, Pete, you ran the PX at Fort Dix.
Leo, you're my agent.  Tell "them" to take a flyin' piss.  I didn't do anything wrong.  I fought in the war, for crissakes!
They know you were at that meeting, Peter.  They've been told, and they know.
What?  That I'm accused of being a communist when I don't happen to be one?
Kid, that cuts no ice with them.
I don't know who fingered me, but I'm not a communist!
You should watch what you say.
Leo, I was trying to impress a skirt.  You know me, I'm non- political.  Republican, Democrat, Communist, there's not a dime's worth of difference between 'em anyway.
So, you're saying that it's true. You went to a meeting of a known communist organization.
No.  Yeah... I... I don't know. Maybe I did.  Leo, this was before Pearl Harbor.  I was in college. It was a bunch of kids, and I was just one of 'em.  I didn't believe in what they were saying.  Hell, I didn't even know what they were saying!
Congress, the FBI, Red Channels, it don't matter who the hell "they" is.  "They" know who "they" are, that's all that matters.  Now, did you go to any meetings?
Who the hell is this "they?"
Are you saying it's a mistake, that you didn't go to any meetings? They say you did.
I... I don't believe this.
Peter, their hands are tied.  You see that, don't you?
You've got to talk to them before they tear the theater apart!
What?
Luke!  Luke, something's wrong! The film broke, and I can't raise Harry on the house phone!
Some of it might come back to you.
No, I...
Sit.  Play with me.
Oh dear, yes.  You were an excellent student, before all that clarinet nonsense.  You loved Chopin.  You used to call it "heaven music."  "Teach me some heaven music," you used to say.
I can play the piano?
I taught you that.
That was beautiful.
Nineteen-oh-nine.
When was that?
I haven't danced with another man since Mr. Terwilliger passed.
Oh.
That's my r-r-rent.
Yeah... me too.
T-t-thank you.  Thank you.  I... I always... I always wanted to wear my uniform from the Great War, but your daddy, he always said no, that's not an usher's u-u-uniform, that's an army uniform and the Bijou, she's not the army.  They give me a medal, but I lost it in the h-h-hospital.  I forget things sometimes.  Since the w-w-war.
Of course.
We thought you was dead, you know.  It's okay that I live here?
Cat.  That's simple.  I like it.  Hi, Cat.
Cat.
So I guess this fellow belongs to you.  What's his name?
Yeah.  I hope you don't mind.  I didn't know anyone lived here... well, besides Harry.  And me.
Found me.
Well, then, why do they call you "Old Tim?"
No.
Is there a young Tim?
I know more than you give me c-c- credit, that's for sure.  Don't you see, it don't m-m-matter who you are?  All that matters is what you g-g-gave us.  And you can't take that away now.  You're wrong, Peter Appleton.  You do belong here.
I thought you...
Did you think I didn't kn-kn-know that?
My name isn't Luke.  It's Peter. Peter Appleton.
Oh...
I'm... I'm not Luke.  Luke is dead. He died in the war.  He's not coming back, and I'm not him.  I don't even belong here.  This whole thing started out as an accident, and that's all it is.  An accident.
Oh.
It's about me.
Oh.
Tim, I have to tell you something.
They will.  They w-w-will.
The customers?  I don't know...
They'll come back, you know. They'll all c-c-come back.
Thanks.
Please, sit.
Sure.  Come on in.  I was just packing.
Can I... Can I t-t-talk to you?
I'll have to think about this.  I have to get back... I should go...
Will you help me, Sandy?
They're saying I'm a communist, Sandy.  But I'm not, you know that. I'm gonna fight 'em, and I'm gonna win, but I'll need your help.
You mean, he was... let go, too?
Well, whatever Frankie's got, it's catching.
He was, but he got sick.  We got a new director today.  Why?
I wasn't alone.  Wasn't Frankie Ruskin directing the picture you're in?
That you got let go.
What exactly did you hear?
What happened?
You bet, honey.
Pete, there's time before the picture starts, you want to get some popcorn?
Don't mention it.  Whoever-you-are.
Thank you, Mr. Lawson.
Said as much myself, Doc.  Can't place him, though.  To look at him, you'd think the cheese slid off his cracker.  Well, morning's half-over.  I'm off.
Got any money?
Yes.  Very.
You hungry, son?
Mabel over there at the diner lost her husband Max.  Okinawa, I believe.
The war...
Ernie Cole here just got himself elected mayor.  Lost both his boys in the war.  Kenny at Anzio and Willie at Normandy.
'Course they all know me.  And I know all them.  Town's got my name, don't it?
They all know you?
You look familiar, fella.  What's your name?
I suppose.  Thanks.
Actually, my grandpap.  But "ancestors" sounds better, don't it?  Here.
Ancestors?
All right.  All right.  We'll see.
No.  Absolutely not.
Mr. Appleton, I have reason to believe you're holding something back, and that just rubs me the wrong way.  Sir, are you a communist?
No.  No, not Miss Sinclair.  I'm talking about Adele Lardner.
Would that be Miss Sinclair?
My girlfriend.  If she still is...
Who?
I already have.
Now that you remember who you are, were you planning on telling anyone your true identity?
Ohhh. Oh, the poor thing. He probably lost his way in the dark.
Look.
Is anyone there?
Then go.
Yes.
Never mind Lydia. Do you want to go?
It's really up to Lydia, isn't it?
That's up to you.
Do you think I should go?
It seems so pointless.  I think I'll go to sleep. This has been a busy day.  My luggage.
I'll be going, too, to help out. It should be fun, Melanie.
He wants me to go to Cathy's party tomorrow afternoon.  I said I would.
I wanted to be near Mitch.  It was over, and I knew it, but I wanted to be near him, anyway.  You see, I still like him a hell of a lot. That's rare, I think. I don't want to lose his friendship... ever.
And the second?
Then you know. Little girls in brown beanies. Deadly. Here I have a life. I'll go into that classroom on Monday morning, and I'll look out at twenty- five upturned little faces, and each of them will be saying, 'Yes, please give me what you have.'  And I'll give them what I have. I haven't got very much, but I'll give them every ounce of it. To me, that's very important. It makes me want to stay alive for a long long time.  That's the first reason.
I did.
No, that's all right, I don't mind. I came up here for two reasons. To begin with, I was bored with my job in San Francisco. I was teaching at a private school there... well, you know, you probably went to one yourself.
I'm sorry. Forgive me.
You get straight to the point, don't you?
Then what are you doing here in Bodega Bay?
So it ended. Not immediately, of course. I went back to San Francisco, and I still saw Mitch every now and then... but we both knew it was finished.
I see.
I can understand his position. He went through a lot with Lydia after his father died. He didn't want to risk going through it all over again.
What about Mitch? Didn't he have anything to say about this?
She already has a daughter.
Someone ought to tell her she'd be gaining a daughter.
No, I don't think so. She's not afraid of losing her son, you see.  She's only afraid of being abandoned.
Annie, that adds up to a jealous, possessive woman.
Afraid of any woman who'd give Mitch the only thing Lydia can give him -- love.
I don't understand.
Afraid I'd give Mitch.
Afraid you'd take Mitch?
Because she was afraid.
Then why did she object to you?
Lydia liked me, you see. That was the strange part of it. In fact, now that I'm no longer a threat, we're very good friends.
Then what was it?
Nothing! I simply existed. So what was the answer? A jealous woman, right? A clinging possessive mother.  Wrong. With all due respect to Oedipus, I don't think that was the case at all.
And what had you done?
When I got back to San Francisco I spent days trying to figure out just what I'd done to displease her.
Then maybe it isn't different at all. You know, her attitude nearly drove me crazy. I simply couldn't understand it.
A trifle.
With Lydia.  Did she seem a trifle distant?
Different?
Four years ago. Of course, that was shortly after his father died.  Things may be different now.
When was this?
I think I'll have some of that, too.  I was seeing quite a lot of him in San Francisco, you know.  And then, one weekend, he asked me up to meet Lydia.
What do you mean?
Isn't there?  Maybe there isn't. Maybe there's never anything between Mitch and any girl.
Annie -- there's nothing between Mitch and me.
You needn't worry. It's over and done with. A long time ago.
I suspected as much.
I guess you knew that, anyway.
Oh, someone invited me up for the weekend a long time ago.
How'd you happen to come here?
San Francisco.
Where are you from originally, Annie?
Well, I don't suppose it offers much to the casual visitor. Unless you're thrilled by a collection of shacks on a hillside. It takes a while to get used to.
I despise it.
How do you like our little hamlet?
I think so.
Or would you rather I changed the subject?
It gets a little chilly here at night sometimes. Especially if you're over near the bay.
Thank you.
All right. 
No, thank you.  Won't you call me Melanie?
I'll get it, sit down, Miss Daniels. Do you want a sweater or something? A quilt?
If you have some, I'd...
Would you like some brandy?
No, it's not the cut that's bothering me.
Hi.  Is something wrong? Is that cut beginning to bother you?
Yes.
Miss Daniels? Is that you?
Yes, I know. Did something unexpected crop up?
I just picked up some things for the night at the general store. You see, I hadn't planned on spending much time here.
It's utilitarian, I'll say that for it.
Sure. You can have it.  Where's your bag? In the car?
I would appreciate it. I've tried everywhere in town, and they're all full.
Well, I'd really hope to rent it for...
That sign.  Do you think I could have the room for a single night?
Yes?
I was wondering...
Yes, I did.
Oh, hi!  Did you find her all right?
Thank you.
Mmm.  Well, good luck, Miss Daniels.
Lovebirds.
Do I?  No, I'm an open book, I'm afraid.  Or maybe a closed one.  Pretty. What are they?
I guess that's where everyone meets him.
Yes.
It's a nice drive.  Is that where you met Mitch?
Yes.
Did you drive up from San Francisco?
Actually, it's none of my business.
Well... something like that.  I'm sorry. I don't mean to sound so mysterious.
You're leaving after you see Cathy?
No. Just a few hours.
Thank you. It gives me something to do with my spare time.  There's a lot of spare time in Bodega Bay.  Did you plan on staying long?
It's a lovely garden.
I've been wanting a cigarette for the past twenty minutes, but I couldn't convince myself to stop. This 'tilling of the soil' can get a little compulsive, you know.
No, not really.
Are you a friend of Mitch's?
Which is why the mail in this town never gets delivered to the right place.  Did you want to see Cathy about something?
They seemed sure it was either Alice or Lois.
That's the one. Cathy Brenner.
The one who lives in the white house across the bay?
Cathy?
The man at the post office sent me. He said you'd know the name of the little Brenner girl.
Yes?
I'm Melanie Daniels. I'm sorry to bother you, but...
Yes?
Miss Hayworth?
Take them.
They haven't harmed anyone.
They're birds!
Mom, they're in a cage!
No!
Mitch, can I bring the lovebirds in here?
If your father were here...
Mother!
Just listen to them!
Yes, I did.
Mom, please, I know all the democracy jazz. They're still hoods.  He's got a client now who shot his wife in the head six times. Six times, can you imagine it?  I mean, even twice would be overdoing it, don't you think?
In a democracy, Cathy, everyone is entitled to a fair trial. Your brother's practice...
Well, Mom, he's the first to admit it.  He spends half his day in the detention cells at the Hall of Justice.
Cathy!
Mitch knows lots of people in San Francisco. Of course, they're mostly hoods.
No, Cathy. He sold Mr. Fawcett a different brand.  You don't think they're getting sick, do you, Mitch?
It's what you said, Mom. Mr. Brinkmeyer's feed is no good.
He got a call from Dan Fawcett a little while ago. His chickens won't eat, either.
If you do decide to come, don't say I told you about it. It's supposed to be a surprise party.
I guess it does get a little hectic at times.
Mitch likes it very much. He comes up every weekend, you know, even though he has his own apartment in the city. He says San Francisco is just an ant hill at the foot of a bridge.
I don't know yet.
Don't you like Bodega Bay?
Darling, of course I do!
Don't you like us?
I don't think so.  I have to get back to San Francisco.
Are you coming to my party?
I know.
Why, it's just like air, isn't it?  When I grow up, I'm gonna smoke like a chimney! I'll be eleven tomorrow, you know.
Just a little one.
I don't think your mother would like that.
Could I have a puff?
Oh, I suppose so.
Is smoking fun?
Your brother told me.
I still don't understand how you knew I wanted lovebirds.
Well, I suppose...
They're beautiful! They're just what I wanted! Is there a man and a woman? I can't tell which is which.
Yes?
Miss Daniels?
I think they'll be all right, honey.
Mitch?  Do... do you think they'll be all right? In the trunk? Can they breath?
Shhh. Shhhhh.
Mitch, let's turn back.
Is she all right?
Cathy! Get a blanket and some bandages!
I wish I could say. But if I could answer that, I could also tell you why people are trying to kill people.
Why are they trying to kill people?
I don't know, honey.
Mitch? Why are they doing this?  The birds.
Did you put the cover on that cage, Mom?
Yeah, but she'll be hitting all that traffic going back to San Francisco.
That road can be a bad one at night, Melanie. 
We've got an extra room upstairs and everything.
What's the matter with them?
Take it into the living room, would you, hon?
Oh. Where d'you want the coffee?
She said something about having to get home to take a call from her mother back East.
Why didn't Annie stay for dinner?
It's Alice.
No, it's Lois!
It's Alice, ain't it?
Lois!
The little Brenner girl.
What?
It's nothing.
How much for the phone calls?
Can I have the boat in about twenty minutes?
Yep.  Could save yourself a lot of trouble. Her name's Alice for sure.
Thank you.
Near the top of the hill, you'll see the school and right behind it, the church. You head for the school. Now just past the school, you'll see a little house with a red mail box. That's where Annie Hayworth lives, she's the school teacher. You ask her about the little Brenner girl.
Yes?
That case, I tell you what you do. You go straight through town 'til you see a little hotel on your left there. Not the motel, that's the other end of town. This is the hotel. Now you take a right turn there, you got that?
I need her exact name, you see.
Well, I ain't positive, if that's what you mean.
Are you sure?
Alice, I think.  Harry, what's the little Brenner girl's name?
Yes.
The little Brenner girl?
The little girl's name.
Yep?
I wonder if you could tell me...
Okay.
Daniels.
What name?
Thank you.
D'you want me to order one for you?
Of course.
Down at the dock by the Tides Restaurant. Ever handled an outboard boat?
Where would I get a boat?
Mmmmmm.  'Course, you could get yourself a boat, cut right across the bay with it. The Brenners got a little dock there you could tie up at. If that's what you wanted to do.
It's a surprise, you see.
Mmmm.
I didn't want to come right down the road, where they could see me.
Mmmm.
You see, I wanted to surprise them.
Nope. That's the road. Straight through town, stay on your left, right around the bay to the front door.
The front door.  Isn't there a back road I can take?
Follow the road straight through town 'til it curves off on the left. That'll take you right around the bay to their front door.
I see. How do I get down there?
Yep. Mitch and the little girl.
The two kids?
Nope, just Lydia and the two kids.
The Brenners? Mr. and Mrs. Brenner?
That's where the Brenners live.
And the white house?
Yes?
See them two big trees across there?
Yes?
See where I'm pointing?
Where?
Right across the bay there.
Yes, but where?
Right here. Bodega Bay.
Where does he live?
Yep.
Do you know him?
Yep.
I'm looking for a man named Mitchell Brenner.
Try my best.
I wonder if you could help me.
Morning.
Good morning.
Birds are not bad!
What good'll that do? Smoke's as bad as birds.
Because there are 8,650 species of birds in the world today, Mr. Carter. It's estimated that five billion, seven hundred and fifty million birds live in the United States alone. The five continents of the world...
Why not, Mrs. Bundy?
The crow is a permanent resident throughout its range. In fact, during our Christmas Count, we recorded...
I didn't even know there were many crows in Bodega Bay this time of year.
Impossible.
Mrs. Bundy, you don't seem to understand. This young lady says there was an attack on the school.
I hardly think either species would have the intelligence to launch a massed attack. Their brain pans aren't large enough for such...
I don't see what difference it makes, Mrs. Bundy, crows or blackbirds. If they attacked the school, that's pretty serious.
They're back!
Gulls!
We'll make our own fog.
We don't have any fog this time of year, Mitch.
Well, you're the lawyer. 
I don't think Miss Daniels is going to sue anybody.
I had a man trip and fall in the parking lot once, sued me before I could bat an eyelash.
Stop worrying, Deke. She was in a boat.
You cut yourself outside, Miss?
I don't think it's that serious. You want to sit up here?
Shall I call the doctor?
Young woman cut herself.
What happened?
Deke, have you got a first aid kit back there?
Where are the Bloody Marys, Deke?
No. Here's fine. 
Here's your pie, Sebastian. You want it at the table?
No. ...came down on one of my boats. They could have been after the fish, just as you said.
One apple pie! You want more coffee?
Let me have some apple pie, Helen.  Who said anything about war? All I said was that some gulls...
Are you finished here, Sebastian?
You don't have to.
I started to say... inside...
What do we have to know, Mother? We're all together, we all love each other, we all need each other. What else is there? Mother, I want us to stay alive!
I'm frightened, terribly frightened. I... I don't know what's out there, Mitch.
We'll worry about that when we get there.
If they are?
They won't be.
If...  If... when we get to San Francisco...  If they're already there?
We have to try it.  We can't stay here.  Melanie needs help.  Mother, the house won't take another attack.
We'd never make it. They're probably all over the road.
I want to try for San Francisco. There are buildings there. Steel and concrete!
Where can we go, Mitch? There's no place to go.
We won't be here.
But they'll be back.
They're gone. The same pattern.
I mean. I want to...
You're doing fine.
I'm not very good at this, Mitch.
I know you can.  But I'd like to.
I can handle it.
Get a rope!
Oh, my God, look at her!
Mother, get a rope!
Shhh. Shhh.
Mitch...
I'm sorry, Mitch.
Mother! I'm trying my best!  I'm... trying... my...
You don't know, you don't know! When will you know? When we're all dead? Like Annie?
I don't know. We'll break up the furni...
What happens when we run out of wood?
I don't know yet.  I think we'll be safe here.  Let's bring that wood in.
Where will we go?
I don't know when.  We'll see what...
When?
Not now.  Not while they're massing out there.
Maybe we ought to leave.
That's a chance we have to take.
If there are... larger birds, Mitch... they'll get into the house.
I don't know.
When do you think they'll come?
I got them all, Mother.
Did you you get the windows in the attic, Mitch?
That's right. We had a party here this afternoon for Cathy. Her birthday.
Tell him about the party.
I think he got a little scratch, Mother.
Well... well, is everyone all right?
I know exactly what I want, Mother.
Well...  So long as you know what you want, Mitch.
I think I can handle Melanie Daniels by myself.
Yes?
Mother?
It's none of my business, of course, but when you bring a girl like that to...
I know, Mother.
Perhaps I'm old-fashioned.  I know it was supposed to be very warm there, Mitch, but... well... actually... well, the newspaper said she was naked.
Yes, Mother.
She is the one who jumped into that fountain in Rome last summer, isn't she?
I know, Mother.
You'd think he could manage to keep her name out of print. She's always mentioned in the columns, Mitch.
I suppose so. Her father owns a big newspaper in San Francisco.
Forgive me. I suppose I'm just naturally curious about a girl like that.  She's very rich, isn't she?
Mother, where did you go to law school?
But she did buy the lovebirds and then brought them all the way...
No. I only led her into believing I believed she was... Mother, it's really very complicated.
She was selling birds.
Yes.
In a bird shop.
I told you. We met yesterday.
How long have you known her?
Yes.
And certainly pretty.
Yes, very.
She's a charming girl, isn't she, Mitch?
Never mind the law. Cathy, you can start serving the soup.
I'm simply quoting the law.
Whose side are you on?
Caviat emptor, Mother. Let the buyer beware.
He sold the feed to me, didn't he?
I don't know what good that'll do.  Chickens won't eat.
There's nothing wrong with those chickens, Mitch. I'm going to call Fred Brinkmeyer right now.
I'll pick you up, Miss Daniels. Where are you staying?
Seven o'clock, same as usual.
...get away without thanking you in some small way. After all, you haven't even met Cathy and you are staying for the weekend...
Lovebirds, I see.
Yes, lovebirds. We couldn't let you...
You did say birds?
Miss Daniels is staying for the weekend. In fact, I've already invited her to dinner tonight.
Across at Brinkmeyer's.
For Cathy. For her birthday. By the way, where is she?
Oh. I see.
A delivery, Mother. Miss Daniels brought some birds from San Francisco.
How do you do, Miss Daniels?  Acknowledge a what?
Melanie Daniels. Melanie, my mother.
A what?
I had to acknowledge a delivery.  Mother, I'd like you to meet...
I thought I saw your car. What are you doing in town?
Please.
Shhhh. Shhhh.
Please don't mess me up with bandages, Mrs. Brenner.
And locked it.
Did you close the door?
That's the last of it.
I'll just clear up here, and then dress.
Would you? I'd feel so much better.
I don't mind, really.
I couldn't ask you to.
Would you like me to go for her?
I wish I were stronger.  Do you think she's all right? Do you think she's safe at the school?
Why don't you try to sleep now, Mrs. Brenner.
Mitch has always done exactly what he wanted to do.  I'm not complaining. That's the mark of a man.  But...  You see, I... I wouldn't want to be... be left alone. I don't think I could bear being left alone.  I... forgive me. This business with the birds has me upset.  I... I don't know what I'd do if Mitch weren't here.
I think it might also matter to Mitch.
Then I don't suppose it'll matter much to anyone but me.
And if you don't?
Yes, I think so. My son is important to me. I want to like any girl he chooses.
Is that so important, Mrs. Brenner? You liking me?
Because my son is...  My son seems to be fond of you.  And I...  I'm not quite sure how I feel about it. I really don't know if I... like you or not.
Why, Mrs. Brenner?
No.  No... don't go yet.  I feel as if I... I don't understand you. And I want so much to understand.
Would you like to rest now, Mrs. Brenner.
I miss him.  You know, sometimes I wake up in the morning, and I think 'I have to make Frank's breakfast,' and I... I get up and there's a... a very good reason for getting out of bed until... until, of course, I remember.  I miss talking to him.  Cathy's a child, you know, and Mitch...  ...Mitch has his own life.  I'm glad he stayed here today. I feel safer with him here. 
I wish I could be that way.
Yes.
I'm not this way, you know. Not usually. I don't fuss and fret over my children.  When Frank died...  You see, he knew the children, he really knew them. He had the knack of being able to enter into their world, of becoming a part of them. That's a rare talent.
Annie's there. She'll be all right.
I lost my husband four years ago, you know.  It's odd how you depend on someone for strength, and then suddenly all the strength is gone, and you're alone.  I'd love to relax some time. I'd love to be able to sleep.  Do you think Cathy's all right?
I wish I were a stronger person. There is a long awkward silence. She sips at her tea reflectively.
Try not to think of that, Mrs. Brenner.
I keep seeing Dan Fawcett's face.  They have such big windows at the school.  All the windows were broken. In Dan's bedroom. All the windows.
No.
Do I sound foolish to you?
Yes, I'm sure she's fine.
Cathy. At the school.
What?
Do you think Cathy's all right?
What good will they do?
He must have. He sent for the Santa Rosa police.
Then he saw.
He was calling from the farm, Mrs. Brenner.
Why? Didn't Al believe my story?
Al Malone wanted him out at the Fawcett farm.
Where's Mitch?
Oh, thank you.
No, it's me, Mrs. Brenner. I thought you might like some tea.
Yeah, and the freeway's well-lighted, isn't it, Mitch?
If I go across to Santa Rosa I'll come onto the freeway much earlier.
No, not exactly.
Then you knew Mitch in San Francisco, is that right?
We'll use smoke pots. Like the Army uses.
There's an ordinance against burning anything in this town, unless it's...
Now hold it, Mitch. You don't know that for a fact.
He was killed last night. By birds.
Goodnight, Lydia.
Thanks, Al. We'll be all right.
Well, if there's anything else I can do, Mitch...
No, you got quite a mess here, I'll admit that.  Maybe you oughta put some screening on top of your chimney  Seems a little pointless, though. Freak accident like this wouldn't happen again in a million years.  You want some help cleaning up?
Does this room look silly?
Eleven. In the middle of the party, some gulls came down at the children. And Miss Daniels was attacked by a gull just yesterday after...
Oh, yeah, yeah.  How old is she now?
What I'm trying to say, Mitch, is these things happen sometimes, you know? Ain't much we can do about it. 
These birds were...
Didn't know how he got in there. Had a broken leg, turned out. Just fluttering all around there. 
My wife found a bird in the back seat of her car once.
All right, I'll grant you a bird'll panic in an enclosed room. But, they didn't just get in. They came in! Right down that chimney.
What's more likely, they got in the room and was just panicked, that's all.
Well...  Well... these birds attacked us.
I don't think I get you, Mitch. Do about what?
What are we going to do about it, Al?
'Cause sometimes birds are attracted by light, you know.  Sure is a peculiar thing.
Yes, but the curtains were drawn.
No, I gotta admit this is peculiar.  Did you have a light burning or something.
Not by the thousands.
Well, these birds live in chimneys, you know.
We know what it is, Al.
That's a chimney swift, all right.
I'm awfully sorry.
Yes. Yes, someone's got to feed them.
I'd hold the birds for him, but I'm going away myself. Someone's got to feed them, I suppose.
Oh.
About an hour and a half on the freeway. Or two if you take the coast highway.
Sixty...  Oh.
Up on the coast. About sixty miles north of here.
Bodega Bay? Where's that?
Bodega Bay. He goes up there every weekend.
Well, where did he go?
Well, I...
Yes. I don't think you should leave them in the hall, do you?
Monday?
He won't be back until Monday. I mean, if those birds are for him....
That's all right.
He's not home.
Yes.
Is that for Mitch Brenner?
I... I don't think so. If we get through town, I think we'll be all right.
Can we turn back?
We'll take it slow until we get to the main road.  Are you ready?
Mitch, if they hear the car starting... if they see movement...
No... wait.  Hold me.
We'd better light some of those lamps.
Wait here. Don't move.
Mitch...
The power.
I don't want to be safe. I want to be with you.
You'd have been safe in San Francisco.
How about you?
You must be exhausted.
Almost two a.m.
What time is it?
I thought they'd have stopped by now.
When will they stop?
Maybe.
Santa Rosa?
Inland.
Where are they heading?
Yes.  I'm tired, Mitch. I'm so very very tired.
Have we still got power?
I tried a little while ago. The phone's dead.
Do you want to try your father again? 
It may not be last week again for a long long time.
Even the birds sitting out there. It does look very much the same, Mitch. This could be last week.
It... it doesn't look very different, does it? A little smoke over the town, but otherwise...
I keep thinking of Annie. 
The past fifteen minutes.  It seems to be a pattern, doesn't it? They strike and disappear, and then they start massing again.
How long have they been gathering there?
The bay doesn't.
The town looks clear.
We've got to get Cathy.
Don't let's take any chances.
I think it's safe to get out now.
At Annie's house. She's all right.
I got here as fast as I could. Where's Cathy?
Yes. I was just taking her in some tea.
That was Al on the phone. He wants me to meet him out at the Fawcett place. Says some detectives from Santa Rosa'll be there in a little while.  Will you be all right here?
...everything I know.
Melanie...
I'm frightened and confused and I... I think I want to go back to San Francisco where there are buildings and... and concrete and...
No, no...
I'm frightened, Mitch.
Melanie, Melanie...
No, they're having a meeting, Melanie. Your sparrow is standing on a soap box and...
It makes you feel as if they're... they're waiting or... resting... or....
I hadn't thought of that.  And then the swifts came.
After the gulls attacked.
What do you mean?
It was like that yesterday.
It's so damn quiet out there.
With my little sparrow leading team.
They're probably hungry, that's all. This was a bad summer. They eat berries and... and nuts, you know, and the hills are all burned out, so they're probably searching for food wherever they can get it.
Mmm?
What it was, probably...
You have nothing to lose but your feathers.
Take wing!
And all the while, that sparrow was getting in his little messages. Birds of the world, unite!
Hear, hear!
Why should we submit ourselves to their domination?
Hear!
Sure. But eventually, even the more serious-minded birds began to listen. "Why should humans rule?" they asked themselves.
Well, they'll go along with anything.
Not at first. Oh yes, a few sparrows out for kicks...
So they united.
Yes, of course, he had to have a beard! 'Birds of the world, unite!' he kept saying, over and over...
Growing a beard...
It all started several months ago with a peasant sparrow up in the hills, a malcontent. He went around telling all the other sparrows that human beings weren't fit to rule this planet, preaching wherever anyone would listen...
Certainly, of birds.
Of birds?
It's an uprising.
Really? Tell me about it.
It's hard to believe anything at all happened yesterday, isn't it? It's so beautiful and still now.  I think I've got it all figured out, by the way.
It smelled of the fire.
I think I should, don't you?
Are you staying?
I'll take Cathy up to bed.
I'll get it.
Some cream?
No, thank you.
Do you want some mustard with this?
Then stay and have something to eat before you start back. I'd feel a lot better.
No, I have my things in the car.
I don't know, Melanie.  Look, do you have to go back to Annie's?
A gull smashed into Annie's front door.  Mitch... what's happening?
Last night? What do you mean?
I... I am.  Mitch, is... Mitch, this isn't usual, is it? The gull yesterday when I was in the boat, and the one last night at Annie's, and now...
You look a little shaken.
Yes.
Are you all right?
No, tell me.
You'll think me very bold, sir.
What'll it say?
I have an aunt, you see. Aunt Tessa. She's seventy years old, and veddy prim and strait-laced.  She's coming back from Europe at the end of the month, and I'm going to give her a myna bird that'll talk to her.
What?
Do you know what I was doing in that shop?
I'm glad you do.
Nothing.  I go to bird shops on Fridays.
And Fridays? What do you do then?
On Thursdays I have my meeting and lunch.  I'm chairman of a group that's sending a little Korean boy through school. We plan how to raise funds and... things like that. 
What about Thursdays and Fridays?
And on Tuesdays, I take a course in General Semantics at Berkeley.  That's not a job, of course. I just take it because...
Yes.
Helping travelers.
On Mondays and Wednesdays, I work for the Travelers' Aid. At the airport.
Like what?
I do different things on different days.
What do you do?
I have several jobs.
You have a job?
Well... I have to get to work tomorrow morning, for one thing.
Why do you have to rush off? What's so important in San Francisco?
What's in this? Nitro-glycerin?
Cheers.
Cheers.
I couldn't possibly. I have to get back.
I'm trying to get you to stay for dinner. We're going to have a lot of roast left over.
I really shouldn't have any more. I'm a little tipsy already.
I thought you knew! I want to go through life laughing and beautiful and jumping into fountains naked! Good night!
What do you want ?
But not for me.
It is for me.
That might have been good enough in Rome last summer. But it's not good enough now.
I think it could be fun.
Why?
I'd still like to see you.
I don't give a damn what you believe!
Do you expect me to believe...?
I told you what happened in Rome!
Like jumping into a fountain in Rome!
Because it seemed stupid and foolish.
Why?
Yes.
But you tore it up.
It said, "Dear Mr. Brenner, I think you need those lovebirds, after all. They may help your personality." That's what it said.
What did it say?
I wrote the letter.
Did you really write a letter to me? Or was that a lie, too?
Yes, I was lying.
You were lying.
No.
And you didn't come up here to see her.
No.
So you didn't go to school together.
No.  At least, I didn't until I came up here.
Sure. Do you really know Annie Hayworth?
Yes, that's the truth. But I was pushed into that fountain, and that's the truth, too.
...the opinions of others, and you went right along with them, isn't that the truth?
Yes.
...who didn't much care for propriety or convention or...
Yes, but...
The truth is you were running around with a pretty wild crowd...
I'm neither poor nor innocent, but the truth of that particular...
You were just a poor, innocent victim of circumstance, huh?
With all my clothes on!  The newspaper that ran the story happens to be a rival of my father's paper.  Anything they said...
Without any clothes on?
In case you're interested, I was pushed into that fountain.
Mmmm. I like to swim. We might get along very...
Oh. That. Rome.
I guess she and I read the same gossip columns.
How does Mother know what I like to do?
I'm in San Francisco five days a week. With a lot of time on my hands. I'd like to see you.  Maybe we could go swimming or something. Mother tells me you like to swim.
San Francisco's a long way from here.
Will I be seeing you again?
Oh, yes.
You'll be able to find your way back, won't you?
His wife changed the channel.
What?
He was watching a ball game on television.
Why did he shoot her?
Dinner's just about ready.  We were out back looking at the chickens. Something seems to be wrong with them.
Famished.
Hi. Annie had no plans, huh? I'm glad you came. Are you hungry?
Maybe.
Seven o'clock then.
I'm sure.
You're sure now? You won't hire a boat or anything?
Annie... Annie may have made other plans. I'll have to see. Besides, I can find my own way.
Of course, how stupid of me. A quarter to seven, will that be all right?
With... with Annie, of course.
Then it's settled. What time is dinner, Mother?
Certainly, but...
You are, aren't you?
Yes, but...
I'm sorry. I couldn't possibly...
After all, you did go to the trouble of bringing up those birds.
Look, Mr. Brenner...
Right next to the one you already had.
I was! And all I get for my pains is a... a... a hole in the head!
But you were coming up anyway, remember?
I can't say I like your seagulls much, either. I come all the way up here to...
Can't see a thing.
None of your business.  Am I still bleeding?
What did it say?
I loathe you. You have no manners. And you're arrogant and conceited and... I wrote you a letter about it, in fact, but I tore it up.
You like me, huh?
It was no trouble at all. I simply called my father's paper. Besides, I was coming up here anyway, I already told you...
I don't know. But it seems to me you must have gone to a lot of trouble to find out who I was, and where I lived and...
Why would I want to see you, of all people?
I don't believe you.  I think you came up to see me.
Yes.
So you came up to see Annie, huh?
It's still bleeding a little. Here, let me put this on.
Oh, no you don't!
I think we'll have to shave the hair. Deke, have you got a razor?
Just a few... just a day or two... the weekend.
Did you! Imagine that! How long will you be staying?
We... we went to school together. College.
How do you know Annie?
Yes.
Well, well, small world. Annie Hayworth.
Annie. Annie Hayworth.
Yes?
Why... 
I'm sorry.  Who's your friend?
To see a friend of mine.  Will you please be careful?
What for?
To bring your sister those birds. You said it was her birthday. Besides, I was coming up anyway.
You came all the way up here to bring me those birds?
Didn't you see the lovebirds?
I'm sorry.  What are you doing up here?
Ouch!
Only violators and practical jokers.
Not everyone, Miss Daniels.
Is that why you'd like to see everyone behind bars?
Criminal.
What kind of law?
No, San Francisco. What are you...?
Do you practice here?
That's right. What are you doing in Bodega Bay?
So you're a lawyer.
Just some peroxide. I want to clean out the cut.
What's that?
It deliberately came down at you -- you're bleeding...
What made it...
That was the damndest thing I ever saw.
I'll find something else.  See you in court some day.
And I'm glad you didn't get your lovebirds!
I am.  Good day.  Madam. 
I think you're a louse.
Right. I recognized you when I came in. I thought you might like to know what it felt like to be on the other end of a gag. What do you think of that, Miss Daniels?
You knew I didn't work here. You deliberately...
Ahhh, but I really do want those birds.
What do you call your lovebird story if not a practical...
I simply believe in the law, Miss Daniels, and I'm not too keen on practical jokers.
What are you? A policeman?
No, but your little prank did. The judge should have put you behind bars!
I didn't break that window!
Do you remember one of your practical jokes that resulted in the smashing of a plate glass window?
When?
That's true. I'll rephrase it. I saw you in court.
We never met in court or anyplace else.
We met in court.
How?
Ahhh, but I know you.
I don't know you.
Hey, wait a minute!
A little birdie told me.  Good day, Miss Daniels.  Madam. 
But how... how do you know my name?
I was merely drawing a parallel, Miss Daniels.
What did you say?
All right.  She smiles back.
Are you sure you wouldn't like to see a canary instead? We have some very nice canaries this week.
Yes, I see.  About those lovebirds, Miss...
Well... they get a sort of hangdog expression.
How can you tell?
Some of them are.
Are they moulting now?
Yes, that's a particularly dangerous time.
I imagine that's very important. Especially during the moulting season.
Oh, certainly. It's to protect the species.
I suppose not. Is there an ornithological reason for keeping them in separate cages?
Well, we can't just let them fly around the shop, you know.
All these innocent little creatures caged up like this?
Doesn't what make me...?
Those are canaries, Miss.  Doesn't this make you feel awful?
Yes, we call them that too.  Ahhh, here we are, Lovebirds... 
The sign says strawberry finches.
No, sir, those are... redbirds.
Aren't these lovebirds?
I think so, sir.  Now then, let me see.
Do you have a pair that are just friendly?
No, of course not.
As the same time, I wouldn't want birds that were aloof, either.
I understand completely, sir.
These are for my sister... her birthday you see. As she'll be eleven and... well, frankly, I wouldn't want a pair of birds that were too demonstrative.
Well... yes, sir, there are.
Yes. I understand there are different varieties, it that true?
Lovebirds, sir?
Lovebirds.
Yes, what was it you were looking for, sir?
I said I wonder if you could help me.
What?
I wonder if you could help me.
That would be just fine.  Hello, Charlie, this is Melanie. I want you to do a favor for me.  No, this is a small one.  Pressure you? Why, Charlie darling, would I try to pressure you?  Will you call the Department of Motor Vehicles for me and find out who owns this license plate? DKQ dash one seven six.  Yes, a California plate.  No, I'll stop up there in a little while. Is daddy in his office?  Oh. No, no, I don't want to break in on a meeting. Just tell him I'll see him later. Thank you, Charlie. 
I might be able to have them by tomorrow morning. Would that be all right?
Immediately.  Is this the Daily News? Melanie Daniels. Would you get me the city desk, please?
Well... well, how soon would you want them?
How soon?
No, not in the shop. But I can order them for you.
Do you have any lovebirds?
Yes, certainly. 
No, you'd better send him. May I use your phone?
They said the myna bird would be here later this afternoon. If you'd care to come back...
What? Oh, yes, certainly.
Have you got a pencil?
I have no idea.
That... that... who was that?
Oh, good! Oh, wonderful.
There we are!
Well, all right, but...
I'm sure they're on the way, though. Could I just call?
Oh. Oh, well, all right.
I think maybe you'd better deliver him. Let me give you my address. 
Yes.  Oh my, I suppose I should call them again. They said three o'clock.  Maybe it's the traffic. I'll call. Would you mind waiting?
Yes.
Well, yes, he'll talk. Well, no, no. You'll have to teach him to talk.
And he'll talk?
Certainly not. Oh, no. Certainly not. This will be a full grown myna bird. Full grown.
Well, this one won't be a chick, will he?
I know. Oh, I know.  I've been calling all morning. Oh, you have no idea. Miss Daniels, they're so difficult to get, really they are. We get them from India, you know, when they're just little chicks, and then we have to...
You said three o'clock.
I was hoping you'd be a little late, Miss Daniels.  You see, he hasn't arrived yet.
What do you suppose it is?
Hello, Miss Daniels.
Hello, Mrs. MacGruder, have you ever seen so many gulls?
Yes. I have never known birds of different species to flock together. The very concept is unimaginable.  Why if that happened, we wouldn't have a chance. How could we possible hope to fight them?
Maybe! Is it impossible?
And what? Vultures? Hawks? Eagles?
I don't know anything about birds except that they're attacking this town.
Are you discussing gamebirds now? All birds are not gamebirds, you know.
Maybe they're all protecting the species. Maybe they're tired of being shot at and roasted in ovens and...
I have seen jays doing everything it is conceivable for jays to do. Ornithology happens to be my avocation, Miss Daniels. You're talking about preservation of the species, a hen protecting her young. There's a vast difference between...
Have you ever seen a jay protecting a nest?
No one called it a war!
Doesn't it seem odd that they'd wait all that time to start a... a war against humanity?
I thought not. Birds have been on this planet since archaeopteryx, Miss Daniels; a hundred and twenty million years ago!
I don't know why.
To...  To kill them.
For what purpose?
Daniels. I think they were after the children.
What do you think they were after, Miss...?
What were the crows after at the school?
The gulls were after your fish, Mr. Sholes. Really, let's be logical about this.
These weren't a few birds.
I hardly think a few birds are going to bring about the end of the world.
Yes, all right, I'll wait for you. Good-by. 
...insist on making it difficult for life to survive on this planet. If it weren't for birds...
Hello, may I speak to Mitch Brenner, please?  Yes, I'll wait.
Birds are not aggressive creatures, Miss. They bring beauty to the world. It is mankind, rather, who...
I just came from the school, madam. I don't know about their brain pans but...
Thank you.  Do you know Dan Fawcett's number?
They're both perching birds, of course, but of quite different species. The crow is brachyrhynchos. The blackbird is cyanocephalus.
They're different, Daddy.  Thank you.  I think these were crows. Yes, hundreds of them. Yes, they attacked the children, attacked them.  Daddy, a little girl was sent to the hospital in Santa Rosa. Well, all right, but you act as if I'm... all right, all right.  No, I can't come home now. I just can't, Daddy. How is it there? I mean... are there birds? In the sky? But no trouble. Well, I hope...  I don't know when. I simply can't leave now. Tell Mother not to worry. All right, Daddy, good-by.
There is very definitely a difference, Miss.
No, the birds didn't attack until the children were outside the school. Crows, I think. I don't know, Daddy. Is there a difference between crows and blackbirds?
Can we go on living here otherwise?
How can we go on living here if we blanket the town with smoke?
With smoke.
How do you plan to do that?
Mrs. Bundy, you said something about Santa Cruz. About seagulls getting lost in the fog, and heading in for the lights.
How?
I only know we've got to drive them away from town -- before they drive us away.
If you don't even know what you want to do...
I'm not sure, but...
Help how? What do you want to do?
Then help me, Sebastian. You're an important man in this town. If you'll help, the rest will.
I like Bodega Bay as well as any man. If I thought... 
It's happening. Isn't that a good enough reason?
No. I don't, Mitch. Because I can't see any reason for it.
Do you believe it's true, Sebastian?
Look, Mitch, even if this is true, even if all the birds...
I think we're in trouble. I don't know how or why this started, but I know it's here and I know we'd be crazy to ignore it.
No one ever said you were, Mitch.
Sebastian, I'm not an alarmist.
The point is that no one seemed to get upset about it. They were gone the next morning, just as if nothing at all had happened. Poor things.
They made some mess, too, smashing into houses and everything.  They always make a mess. We're better off without them.
That's right, sir, I recall it. A large flock of seagulls got lost in a fog and headed in for the town, where all the lights were.
...probably contain more than a hundred billion birds!
Kill them all. Get rid of them. Messy animals.
That would hardly be possible.
Then fight back. Get yourselves guns and wipe them off the face of the earth.
They are incapable of organized warfare!
Not if they're starting a war.
We need them.
Yeah, birds. All they do is make a mess of everything. Who needs them?
Birds?
You and Mr. Sholes seem to be implying as much.
Scotch, light on the water.
Of course it does. If we believe that birds are attacking, why... why next we'll believe that grasshoppers and cockroaches are capable of...
Makes a lot more sense than... well, an attack.
Of course.
Actually, those gulls must have been after the fish.
Probably herring gulls. They arrive in November, you know, and don't migrate North again until March or...
The ones that've been raising the devil with my fishing boats.
Which gulls, Mr. Sholes? There are several varieties.
How many gulls did you count, Mrs. Bundy?
All right, all right!  Hope you figure this out, folks.
I'm leaving! Are you coming?
Can't you please finish your drink?
Something like this happened in Santa Cruz last year. The town was covered with seagulls.
Take it easy, lady.  There isn't a bird anywhere in sight.
Were the Santa Rosa police at your school today?  Are you coming?
Put on your coats! Do you want to get trapped here?
I haven't finished my drink.
Then let's go. Now!
I'm going out that way, lady. You can follow me.
Good morning.
Oh, you'll have ample opportunity -- ample --  Good morning, Dr. Fettes.
Good.
There, Master Fettes.  Sooner than we had expected.  A stoke of luck one might say.
How could I?  I will do my best. After all, you see, I am financially interested.
But can't you give me any idea?
I fear he may have to.
Of course -- it's the soul of the business -- the pay --
Dr. MacFarlane said I should pay you --
That's right.  Gray, the cabman. I've had a bit of dealing with MacFarlane in the past, you know.
Mr. Gray?
I'm very pleased to know you, Master Fettes.
I'm Donald Fettes.
It is a pity.
Even so, I could never think of going on -- I've got to find some other profession.
It's not the failure. I feel that MacFarlane has taught me nothing. He taught me the mathematics of anatomy but he couldn't teach me the poetry of medicine.
It's not because of Georgina -- because of Dr. MacFarlane's failure?
Good morning, Mr. Fettes.
Good morning, Mrs. Marsh.
Ma'am, is you'll allow me, I'd like to give you cause for courage -- Dr. MacFarlane is a great man -- I think he's the greatest man in medicine.  God would not have given him such gifts if they were not meant for Georgina's cure.
-- pain -- and shock.  She's brave enough, but I don't know about myself.  Now that it seems so close, I wonder if I dare trust my child into any but God's hands. Maybe He knows best.
Yes.
You have his promise, then?
Of course I will.
Ask this one favor --
I didn't mean it that way.  I meant only that I am not in a position to ask favors.
Did he tell you about Georgina?
I don't know that I can do that, Mrs. Marsh.
Georgina told me how kind you were to her.  It gave me hope you might intercede for us with Dr. MacFarlane.
I'm only a student.
I want you to help my little girl.
You asked to see me, ma'am?
And back with MacFarlane and all that he stands for the next day.
At Pennycuik.  I know the inn.  I can be there in an hour.
There's no standing between a fool and his folly. If you must babble your news to him he's at the Fisherman's Tryst. It's the inn at Pennycuik. You can use MacFarlane's horse and gig to get there. He'll welcome the ride back.
But I must tell him -- he must know of it. Please -- tell me where he is.
You don't went to find him. Your news will keep until I tell him.
Where can I find him?
He's not home.
It's a gift to my people -- and I see MacFarlane and Gray-- the pit yawns for them and the flames -- and I would have you away from them and safe out of the torment.--
I've heard of it.
Listen to me, Fettes, I'm one part befuddled with drink, one part over-heels in love with MacFarlane, and one part fey. You're a lowlander, Fettes, and you have no way of knowing what we Highlanders call the second sight.
MacFarlane
That porter was Gray and the gentleman of consequence who couldn't swallow the shame of it -- who took my last paltry savings to hire Gray --
They did not tell you how that porter cried out in the witness box when the Kings Counselor pressed him hard -- how he cried out that he was shielding a gentleman of consequence.
Aye.
And did you hear them speak of the porter who testified against Burke?
I heard my parents speak of it in Thrums. It was a famous case.
Gray has no need to threaten. You remember the trial?
But that's long since.  Gray can't threaten him with that.
If he were only that. The man's evil himself. Some day you'll know him as MacFarlane knows him -- for MacFarlane he was to Knox as you are to him. That brought him close to Gray, he roistered with him and drank with him. Aye, and Gray even brought him to my door and my love. There is all that between them and more -- Burke and Hare and Knox --
But Gray's only a cab driver -- a Resurrection Man who robs graves to make a bit of money now and again.
I'm cold as ice.
You're over-excited, Mistress Cameron.
He could have been a great man -- a good man and a fine doctor, but there was always the shame of the old life and the old ways to hold him back -- and always Gray -- Gray to hound him to his death.
Is it a great man whom Gray can order to his bidding? Is it a great man who for very shame dare not acknowledge his own wife so that I must play maidservant for the world's sake and his success?
He's a great doctor -- a great man --
Save yourself. Master Fettes look at MacFarlane and be warned.
I can't do that -- you heard MacFarlane.
You must leave this house.
Hold that lamp up -- I must see her face.
It was a woman when we put her in.
This is not a woman!
No room there. We'll have to set it between us.
Where shall we put it? In the back?
Why not? I must have subjects. It's the only way I can teach. It's the only way you can learn. The stupidity of the people the idiocy of their laws will not stop no -- nor will they force me to deal with such reptilian creatures as Gray. We can do our own dirty work -- and we must.
No.
I pass up no opportunities, I've a whole course of lectures in mind for you fellows.  We'll need subjects to demonstrate. Come along.
You couldn't do that, Doctor.
Did you think Gray was the only one who could handle a mattock and shovel?  I've had some practice in the art.
You've no thought of going there?
Tosh!  Fettes!  It's not their grief I'm worrying about -- I'm talking of our own end --
They'll be thinking of that, too.
Glencorse -- that's a lonely cemetery, Fettes, not a soul around for miles.
A burial party -- poor people -- it's hard to bury a loved one on a rainy day when the churchyard is so cold and lonely.
See that, Fettes?
Gray -- I'm rid of him --
What?
I know it -- I know it -- The moment I was rid of him --
The little girl -- she couldn't walk far -- the muscles are too weak -- but she did stand and she took a step or two.
What's that you say?
Don't be a fool.  One can't begin and then stop -- and because that entry of the girl's body is in your hand, you'll do as I say. As for me, I'll tend to Gray.
I'll have no more to do with it. I'll not put my neck into the noose, not even for your sake, Dr. MacFarlane.
What do you mean, Fettes?
No.
Fettes, the more things are wrong, the more we must act as if everything were right. You must do with Joseph as you did with, the street singer -- complete dissection -- a proper entry in the book --
Confound me, the child's a cripple, of course she wants to walk.  Child, I say to you get up out of that chair and walk.
But she must want to stand.  She must want to walk.
You can't -- can't!  Stop trying to bribe her with childishness about white horses. Let the child stand and walk -- her spine's all right.  I know it's all right.
That's the way of it, Fettes.  You bring the lassie to me.
I suppose one must pass through this purgatory to the heaven of being a good doctor.
That's only our duty, Fettes -- that's the end at which we aim with all this nasty business.
Dr. MacFarlane, I wonder if you know what happiness you've brought those people.
When she's ready you bring her to me -- I'll show her how.
I've just been to see Mrs. Marsh. Georgina is doing splendidly.  The incision has healed -- clean and fine -- but she doesn't seem to have any desire to walk.
He has his own idea of a joke. Perhaps his horse tickled him in the ribs.
I just saw Gray.  What was he laughing at?
Pulse?
She's unconscious.
Wait, Doctor -- wait!  The child's fainting.
Here is where you must watch closely, gentleman -- closely -- it is the very heart of the matter --
Who would believe that?  And you know, someone else might recognize her.  She was as well known as the Castle Rock.
But, I didn't ask him to kill.
Believe it or not.  It's best for you to pretend that you do.  After all, it was you who ordered this specimen, received it here, and paid for it.  That makes you a party to murder.
I can't believe that.
I don't know that -- neither do you.  This subject may have been an epileptic -- thrown a fit -- fallen out of bed -- cracked her skull and killed herself -- there is everything explained -- the bruise on her head --
Grave robbing is one thing -- this is murder.
I wouldn't do that, Fettes.  I wouldn't report it.
I am sure.  I mean to report it. It's like Burke and Hare all over again.
We can't be sure of that.
Gray killed her.
Well --
This girl was beautiful -- a wild lassie from the Highlands.
Every street singer with a cracked voice gives tongue to that one.
Now you run off and see that pretty Mrs. Marsh and explain to her.
Yes, I suppose so.
You see, it is completely out of the question.
Wilmont used up the last spinal section.
Look here, Fettes.  Not I nor anyone else knows enough about the spinal column and its intricacies to insure success in such an operation.  I would have to study the matter.  Have we any "subjects"?
But you did promise.
Really, Fettes, you irk me with your lack of understanding.
But I -- well, you see, sir, I met Mrs. Marsh and told her.
You're a man of the world, Fettes, you wouldn't hold me to promise given in drink.
It was about last night I wanted to talk to you -- about the operation on the little Marsh girl.
So she told me.  I'm a teacher -- not a practitioner.
She came again today.  She wanted me to ask you if you would not break your rule and operate.  She feels you are her only hope.
I remember her.
Dr. MacFarlane -- you remember the lady who came to see you yesterday -- the lady with the little girl?
I'm sorry for the woman, Fettes. But her son might be alive today had more doctors been given the opportunity to work on more human specimens.  As for me, Fettes, I let no man stop me when I know I'm right -- when I know that I need those lifeless subjects for my student's enlightenment and for my own knowledge.  And if you're a real man and want to be a good doctor, you'll see it as I see it.
But this woman -- and her son --
Not if I have to be party to things like that, Dr. MacFarlane.
And that's why you don't want to be a doctor, Fettes?
I saw the woman whose son's body was delivered last night.
What the devil do you mean?  You have your lodgings, a certain stipend -- I thought I had arranged everything for you --
I don't think I can go on, sir.
From the Municipal Council -- they're the bodies of paupers --
You know how we get the specimens we use for dissection?
Richardson is a fine student.  He's got a glib tongue, but you'll be a better doctor, Fettes.  Come along now --
But Richardson?
Well? And are you not a good student?
I thought only the best students were made assistants.
You're too good a man, Fettes -- I'll not let you quit.  I'll make an assistant of you -- that'll pay your keep and your tuition, too --
I'm afraid I have to, sir.  You see, my father is vicar at Thrums -- it's a small parish -- not much of a living --
You're made for a doctor, young man!
I'm afraid I'll have to give up medicine, Dr. MacFarlane.
Excuse me.
Dr. MacFarlane --
Come -- it's a chance to try out your bedside manner, Fettes.  Take a look at the child.
But, Doctor, I only wanted to speak to you --
Come in, boy -- come in.
Excuse me, Dr. MacFarlane --
I wanted to see the white horse --
You'll not need that again, Georgina.
I am not at the school anymore. I left last night.
I thought this was a school day.
I can't.
Don't you want to find the white horse, Georgina?  You can't find him from a wheelchair.  You have to walk and run to find him.
But you'll have to stand great pain, Georgina.  Greater pain than you ever dreamed of in the worst time of your sickness.  Do you want it that much?
I want it --
Aye, but I still wonder how much.
One shouldn't get used to the wrong things, Georgina.  You want to walk and run and play.
Of course -- I don't have friends. That's because I can't walk.  I try to make myself used to it.
Maybe there's another reason. Maybe you haven't friends enough. Could that be it, Georgina?
He was a nice horse.
Why do you want the white horse to bid you "good-day"?
An old acquaintance, eh?
The white horse.  The horse that is going to greet me when he sees me.
Hear him?
Well --
Why, yes.
What you really want to ask me is about my back, isn't it -- about where it hurts?
You'll be a good doctor.  I know all about doctors.
Not yet.
Are you a doctor, too?
A student.  I'm studying under Dr. MacFarlane -- that is, I've been studying until today --
A doctor?
I'm by way of being a medical myself.
They're uncommon bold, the grave robbers -- and the daft doctors who drive them on.
Not much danger here, ma'am, I wouldn't think -- right here in the heart of Edinburgh.
Your son, ma'am?  He must have been a fine boy for the wee dog to love him so.
He'll not leave the grave -- not since Wednesday last when we buried the lad.
No -- a pride to know that I can force you to my will. I'm a small man -- a humble man -- and being poor, I've had to do much that I did not want to do. But so long as the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man -- and if I have not that, I have nothing. Then I am only a cabman and a grave-robber.
A pleasure to torment me?
Because it would be a hurt to me to see you no more, Toddy. You're a pleasure to me.
But why, Gray? Why?
But then I wouldn't have the fun of having you come here and beg again, Toddy.
Well then -- I beg you -- I beseech you --
Beg -- beg of you! You crawling graveyard rat!
It wouldn't be half so much fun for me. Toddy, as to have you come here and beg --
I would make you rich.
Would you bribe me to leave you be?
What I was going to say is this -- wouldn't you be more comfortable at Leith in a neat little house?
The Resurrection business? That may end sooner than you think. New laws may come.
I have other means of sustenance.
You're getting old, Gray, and it's a hard life driving a cab through these wet and windy streets of Edinburgh --
Another little drop'll never do you any harm.
I've drunk enough tonight.
Have another glass of something good, Toddy.
We have never been friends.
Surely you are not threatening an old friend, Toddy.
I can't understand your hurt to me -- but I must cut you out.
So, Toddy, you've made me a disease, eh?
Gray, I must rid myself of you -- you've become a cancer -- a malignant, evil cancer -- rotting my mind.
You are not to set foot in here again, Gray, for business or any other reason. And you're going out now!
Wait, Toddy. That's not hospitable. I want to discuss business.
Get out of here!
This is a gift you'll not return.
I take no gifts from you.
This is a gift.
I've ordered nothing from you.
I brought you something tonight, MacFarlane -- an interesting specimen -- in very good condition.
Would you grudge me a glass with my old crony, Meg?
What are you going here? Have I not told you --
I have no wish for a rope cravat. I've never liked the smell of hemp, so I'll bid you good night, Doctor MacFarlane.
There is much in what I say, Gray, and if you have any regard for your neck you'll leave now and stay away from my house, my school, and from me.
Aye, Toddy, there is something in what you say.
No, I'm not afraid. Tell! Shout it from the housetops!  And remember this -- they hanged Burke -- they mobbed Hare -- but Dr. Knox is living like a gentleman in London.
I'll tell you what, Toddy. It's because I ran down the streets with the mud and the stones around my ears and the mob yelling for my blood. It's because you were afraid to face it -- and you're still afraid.
Why should I be afraid of you? What are you holding over me?
Here, have another glass, MacFarlane. I'll take you home and we'll be friends again -- now that you know that you're Knox's man and my friend -- aye, forever.
I am a doctor - a good doctor. I could make her walk, but she won't - she won't --
You don't know and you'll never know or understand, Toddy. Not from me or from Knox would you learn those things. Look --
In the brain, I tell you. I know.
But what makes a thought start?
The nerve centers -- the brain --
Did he tell you how thoughts come and how they go and why things are remembered and forgot?
The heart pumps it.
Like Knox taught you? Like I taught you? In cellars and graveyards? Did Knox teach you what makes the blood flow?
I am a doctor. I teach medicine.
And you're a fool, Toddy -- and no doctor. It's only the dead ones that you know.
What are you talking about? I am an anatomist. I know the body. I know how it works.
You can't build life like you put together blocks, Toddy.
The same. Look here, Gray --
Oh, it's the bit of a girl Fettes was talking about.
I set those blocks together, patched the muscles. I put the nerves where they should be -- I did it and I did it right -- and she won't walk --
I've never had it all explained that way to me by so learned a man.
Then you can understand that the backbone is a lot of little blocks and those little blocks are all held together, so that it works like that whip of yours. You know that, don't you?
I've had some experience.
You know something about the human body, Gray.
You're uncommon friendly tonight, Toddy. More like the old days.
Oh, it's you, Gray. Well, come in. Sit down. Have a glass with me.
I suppose we can't prevent that, Gray --  -- for auld lang syne.
You know what you want and don't want -- so that's an end of business between us -- but we'll still be friends, Toddy.  I'll be dropping by to see you and Meg once in a while -- for auld lang syne, you know.
That has nothing to do with it. We've decided to do more lecturing and less dissection -- it's better for the students -- that's all there is to it.
Now that wasn't a friendly thing I heard, Toddy.  Not at all friendly.
Hear him?  Did you ever see the lads play knife?
Don't call me that confounded name, I tell you.
Toddy hates me.
That's a good boy, Toddy.
It might be an interesting case.
Maybe there's some private reason between you and me which will make you -- some long lost friend of ours.  Say that you'll do it for me and my friend, Mr. Fettes, here.
No.
Oh, yes, you will.  You'll do it to oblige Fettes and myself.
I'll not do it, Gray.
I'm not concerned about the child, Toddy.  It's you I'm thinking of, I'd like to see you prove that a lot of things I know haven't hurt Toddy MacFarlane any.
You?  Why?  Since when have you become the protector of little children?
Why don't you do it then?
I am the best man for the job.
Afraid you are not as good a doctor perhaps as you make out to be.
Afraid of what?
You're a teacher, eh?  Maybe you're afraid to be a doctor, Toddy.
You will not have it?
I will not have you use that name to me.
Medicine?  That'll keep.  Sit down.
Mr. Fettes and I have professional matters to discuss.
Well, then, Doctor MacFarlane -- although I've known a time, Toddy, when you liked the name.  Aye, and many are dead now who called you by it; rough and wild ones they were, too.  But come Toddy, sit down here with your young friend.
Don't call me that confounded name.
Come, Toddy -- come.  Sit down here with me.
I'll show you how it was done, Joseph. -- I'll show you how they "Burked" them.
I don't understand the song. Tell me plain how they did it.
"Nor did they handle axe or knife To take away their victim's life -- No sooner done than in a chest They crammed their lately welcome guest."
We could do that. But when he had them there, then what?
"A good-day to you Madame Tosspot, and would you like a little glass of something before you take your rest? Come with me to my house and I'll make you my guest. You shall have quarts to drink if you like."  Ah, how he cozened them.
That was Hare's end. Ah, you should have seen him on the streets, when he saw some old beldam deep in drink how he cozened her!
But where did they get those people?
Eighteen persons they killed and sold the bodies to Dr. Knox at ten pounds for a large and eight pounds for a small. That's good business, Joseph.
I never heard that song. But what did they do?
"The ruffian dogs, the Hellish pair.  The villain Burke, the meager Hare --"
But still you may have heard the peddlers of verse cry out their names on the streets.
I come from Lisbon.
You are lately come to Scotland, Joseph?
Burke them?
No digging Joseph. The churchyards are too well guarded. We will "Burke" them,
You mean we would sell the bodies to the doctors together? Dig them up?
You and I should work together.
No, Joseph. I'm not angry -- here -- another glass of brandy --I'll wager it's better than the doctor's.
I have made you give me money, but you smile. Aren't you angry?
Give me money or I'll tell the police you murder the "subjects."
You say you've come here on your own account?  No one knows you are here?
I know that you kill people to sell bodies.
Only Brother.
Can anyone hear what we say?
Now that is very interesting --  Take a chair, Joseph,
Yes.
You're welcome to my little nest, Joseph -- is it not? That's right -- you have something to say to  me -- something very private.
I know --
What did you hear?
I want to speak to you alone.  I saw something.  I heard.
I presume you shall.  This won't be my last visit here.
Then all my surgery is no good. There's something wrong with the child -- something I don't know -- something I can't define -- can't diagnose.  I can do nothing for her.
She would if she could.
But she must be able to move. Everything is in place.
I'm sorry, Doctor.  Georgina's a good child -- a brave child -- you saw how she was during the operation -- but if she can't move, she can't move.
I'm not heartless, Ma'am.  I have every sympathy for you and for the little girl, but if I were to consent to every operation brought to me, I'd have no time for teaching -- and that's a great responsibility upon me, Ma'am -- a great responsibility.
There's nothing I can say for one small child?
I regret it, Ma'am, but I have the responsibility of training thirty other doctors to attend a thousand children like your own.
But, Doctor, surely in a case like this -- a child -- a little child who can never walk or run --
Believe me, Madame, if I were only a doctor, I would undertake this operation at once.  But I'm more dominie than doctor -- I've a school to run.
Perhaps -- a delicate operation -- an operation which has never been performed -- but it could be performed.  I'm sure it could be -- I could incise the columna dorsi --
But can anything be done for her?
Three years.
How long ago?
A carriage overturned.  My husband was killed and Georgina was hurt.
Child seems to take to the lad. What sort of an accident was it, Ma'am?
See here, child, when you have this pain in your back, where is it?
It comes at intervals.  They used to be months apart -- but they've been growing more frequent --  much more frequent.
Is her pain sporadic or constant?
Yes, Doctor.
Any attacks of pain since?
Nearly a year.
How long after that was the paralysis complete?
No, Doctor.  She seemed to get better, then about six months later she began to complain of pain in her back --
Was the paralysis immediate?
Aye.
You've been with Gray again.
He must leave me alone.
You're not going to Gray.
I'll get him.
Fettes -- where is Fettes?
You can get out.
Crony indeed!
No great lady will ever take my place?
Nonsense.  You're a fey creature with mad ideas.  But you have a wildness that holds me to you, lass.
You may deny the devil, Toddy, but you'll not rid yourself of him by saying the devil is dead.
You're daft.  What's Gray to me. He's only a man from whom I buy what I need when I need it -- the rest is forgotten.
Did it spoil me, Meg, my lass?
Aye --
You think it'll spoil the boy, eh? Was I not assistant to Knox?
Aye.  He's a good lad.  That's why I ask you, MacFarlane.
And why not?  He's a good lad -- bright and able.
I'm not dying for your goddamn illusions. You got that? You think you and your girlfriend had some rosy future ahead of you? Bullshit. She was already bored, why do you think she was looking around? You're nothing, Corvis! Less than nothing.
Was that it? Well, ok.
Yeah?  I see doubt oozing out your arm. Where do people go when they kill their girlfriends?
You're wrong.
It was one thing her dad rejected you. But when she did you lost it.
Bullshit. You're a killer, that's all you are. A clown with a bird and a rising death toll. You think the world did you wrong?! You did the world wrong.
You sent them. I had no choice.
How many innocent people did you leave dead back there?
See, I heard you were looking for some guy with a scar. How's that going? You find him? Yes? No?
I'm looking for my friends.
around, or whatever the hell you're doing here.  What are you doing here?
Or what? You'll bleed all over my carpet?
Where are they? Last chance.
Can I get you something? A glass of water? A transfusion?
Where are they?
I hate that picture.
What? Call the police?
I think we should get some support?
Where is it? This place?
I believe they call it a connoisseur's club. Owned by DELT.
The strip joint?
We're getting there. Because in his so-called construction job, Tommy makes a daily delivery to a place called "The Hole."
Leonard, Dutton, Erlich. They don't matter. I want the King.
Yeah. I sure will.
I was hoping you'd find out.
What do they do that they had to kill her?
Lauren's father's involved. He bought the cops fancy cars, I don't know what else. It's a company called D-E-L-T. I think Lauren found out.
I'm thinking... that explains a lot.
You think I'm crazy.
The cops from my trial. They killed Lauren. The whole thing was fixed. 
"Down?" Wait, don't tell me.
Two down. Two to go.
Dream on.
Check and mate.
Someday he'll surface and I'll get him for both of you. I promise. I'll find the guy with the scar.
We won't.
Tell her... we'll get him.
What's been holding me together is the hope that maybe you do go someplace. And I'll be seeing her again soon. Only what will I say? That I was too stupid to find the guy who killed her? That he's down here laughing?
Bitch killed herself when she shot a cop in the leg. If she' just acted like a girl nothing would have happened.  So you're right, spooky. Happy?
You killed her. I saw it.
There's no scar, you freak. The Corvis kid made it up.
A scar. On the arm. Of the man who planted this in Alex Corvis's car.
Fuck! What do you want?
This is not just some "thing." It's A C zero zero five.
Keep that thing away from me.
Think maybe knives do?
I guess it's true. Guns don't kill people...
That was a fucking hollow point!
A job. Construction. Twelve an hour.
What did they give you?
They showed me pictures, what he did to her. Evidence. Said all I had to do was stand up there and not my head "yes."
What did they give you?
Who are you?
Wrong. Answer.
There's no scar. Corvis made it up.
One chance to tell the truth, Tommy. Who is the man with the scar? He planted this in my car.
What's your damage, man? Corvis hacked up that girl like a motherfucker.
You said you saw me with this. I never held it until today.
Hey. I said what I saw. Two kids arguing. A guy and a girl.
Capital case nine nine dash C one one five. Alex Corvis.  Exhibit A.
I don't know you, man.
You lied at my trial.
Big bang, primordial ooze, divine hand of a benevolent creator?  All possibilities. Although recent events have given me doubts about the benevolent creator.
Where the fuck did you come from?
Sssshhh. She's resting.
There is no scar. I'm telling you.
The scar.
Fucking Zombie.
Good thing in a situation like this.
You're him! You're Corvis! We fried your ass. You're dead, man!
AAAANK. That's not how we play the game.
What Scar? What fucking scar?
We're going to play a little game called "Who's got the Scar."
I was talking about you.
You're him. Corvis.
How can you die if you're already dead?
Are you out of your fucking mind? We're going to die.
Nobody.
The scar. Which of you has it?
Why? Why's anything happen? It's all money, man. Money. The girl just got in the way.
I want Lauren. I want my life back. I want... to know why.
Not my arm! What you fucking want?
What happened to your leg there Officer? Hunting accident?
Fuck. Me.
I want you to think of me as the guy who killed you.
You're the guy killed Dutton.
I heard you were looking for this.
Erin. I'll always be with you.
In the woods you said you had nothing. But you wouldn't, and I wouldn't if there's some way you don't have to go. Please. At least not right away.
No matter what happens... you're innocent... I promise...
... it connects you to me...
I don't know. I found him lying there.
Erin. Who?
It's not. I can't take it.
It's ok, it's ok...
It's what Lauren would do.
I wish I could hate him but I can't. He said he'd never hurt either of us, and I know it's true and... I'm going back.
I used to be so proud of him. My big deal daddy. And now, he's just a crook. Worse even. And the weird thing is...
All I knew, she was pulling away. It made me crazy.
My father.
You know what Lauren and I were fighting about that night? She had a secret, wouldn't tell me...
Have to find him first.
So you're going to kill him?
... took everything I ever cared about. Left me with nothing.
I don't want to see!
This tree. Here's where it happened.
Yes I do, I really do.
No. You don't.
It's all my fault. Oh God. I wish I were dead.
Erin. It's not your fault.
... is that I sent them here. I told them she came here sometimes. With her dirtball boyfriend. That's exactly what I said.
No...
When Lauren was missing the police came to our house. They said they were looking for her, right?  But I know now they had her, and the reason they brought her here and knew the could blame it on you...
Are you ok?
Yeah, I know.
This is where it happened. Right over here.
Because you need to understand. And you need... to be careful.
No! Why are you haunting me?
From the bonfire over there. Look at it.
No. Listen to me. Lauren found out something they didn't want her to know.  This.
My dad was right! He said you'd ruin her life.
I've been shot, and stabbed and thrown from a car and none of it hurt. But what you're doing now, does. I don't know why.
You killed Lauren! You killed her!
I'm not hiding. I'm right here.
I know who you are.  That's why you paint your face. To hide.
And another one. There. Erlich. Took a wrong turn.
You killed that cop Dutton.
I told you, I knew your sister.
Daisy. How did you know?
Stay away from me! Dad! Dad!
I know everything about your sister. I'll prove it to you.
How do you know?
He didn't kill her.
You're a friend of the guy who killed her, aren't you? You almost sound like him.
Someone else did it.
And he's right over there by the way.  What did you do to your face?
Your father gave them to both of you.
Yeah, no kidding.
That locket you're holding. You have one just like it.
I know her friends.
I was a friend of your sister's.
You two are majorly demented. Anyone ever tell you that?
Maybe we had a case of that here.  Get me my kit.
Give me a hand with this sack of shit.
Doubt is a motherfucker.
Just don't believe everything you see.
He's looking for something. Won't stop until he finds it.  Sometimes the best way to get rid of someone is to let them have what they want.
Cause if you're losing your mind, I got a right to know.
The dead can return, given sufficient motivation. And Corvis has that.
How about sign of a big black bird?
Sign of the dead come back to life.
Fucking crow.
Christ. It was Corvis. Tommy Leonard was right.
Could say that.
They botched the execution.
Good for you. You do know something.
Guy dressed for Halloween?
Some hooker phoned it in. There was a riot at his apartment yesterday.
Tommy Leonard. The eyewitness in the Corvis case.
I know the guy leaves a sign.
You know.
I know.
Erlich gimping around in his goddamn hot rod is not discreet. I've got reporters asking me how much he made. I've got the entire force looking at this case now.
Shut up.
Yeah, we do.
I thought we had an understanding. I thought we understood that discretion is paramount.
Erin knows, doesn't she?
I do. Every day.
I watched her grow up. Just like you. I know how her mind worked. She kept snooping around because she was worried about you. What you'd gotten yourself into. So stop blaming me. And blame yourself.
She was eighteen years old! There were four of them. They stabbed her fifty three times! Where's the fucking accident?! Huh?! Where is it?!
An accident, Nathan.
You killed my daughter.
Because you never accepted that what happened to her was an accident.
I mean Lauren.
You mean Alex.
Do you believe in ghosts, Nathan? Because there's a ghost threatening us.
What did I say?
Look, can I just call a cab?
I want you... to bend over.
You want me to walk a straight line?
Look, I'll tell you the truth. Jannie drove us and was supposed to drive us back, she has a license, but I mean... look at her.
If you had a license, I bet I'd have seen it by now. How old are you? Fifteen?
Not tonight. Honest.
But you, you've had them.
She's... sick.  Actually she never had Mai Tais before.
What's with your friend there?
Let's hope not. License and registration please.
Anything wrong?
I'm never going back in that house again. Get away.
Please. Come inside.
I don't believe you.
I would never hurt you or Lauren. Never. Believe me.
Don't call me that! Don't call me anything!
Sweetheart...
About them. You've got to leave it alone.
About you.
They killed her because she found out.
Erin. It wasn't supposed to happen.
Stay away from me! Stay away!
No.
You killed her!
It's not what you think.
You're in with them.
Looks like you have them both on.
I think I dropped an earring.
He said he'd prove it.
It still doesn't mean...
That guy in the cemetery today said he knew everything about Lauren.
Honey. It's doesn't mean anything. It's not a message.
Lauren called me that when we were little. Daisy. No one knew but us.
What? What is it?
The cop who found the knife in Corvis's car.
What is it?
What's that supposed to mean? He was right here. He was!
Are you ok?
This guy said he was a friend of Lauren's. He had like paint all over his face.
What were you yelling about?
Watch out!
Erin!
It's not that. Really. It's just... now that he's gone, I think it's time.
Erin. I know you think she's been talking to you.
Stay in the car. I'll only take a second.
Honey. I just can't.
I want to take this to Lauren. She'd want it.
Just hold on to me.
Why are there so many?
That's good, Hilda. I'm glad.
Yes, sir -- it certainly does!
Tell me, Hilda -- does all this frighten you -- does it make you feel insecure?
He'll be there at 8:30.
Good. Did you speak to our friend Mr. Carpenter?
I talked to most of them this morning... They were all very curious about the meeting.
What about the people who are coming to the meeting tonight? Have they all arrived?
What a brilliant idea. I never would have thought of it.
The whole city has stopped. People are running around like ants!
Thanks -- I'm enjoying it right here.
You should see it, Professor Barnhardt! You should go out and see it for yourself!
Something dramatic -- but not destructive.  It's quite an interesting problem.  Would day after tomorrow be all right? Say about noon?
Maybe a little demonstration.
Why don't you leave it to me? I'll think of something.
I wouldn't want you to harm anybody -- or destroy anything.
That can easily be arranged.
Something that would dramatize for them and for their people the seriousness of the situation. Something that would affect the entire planet.
Yes -- of course.
Would such, a demonstration be possible before the meeting?
Yes.
The people who came to the meeting must be made to realize this. They must understand what is at stake.  You mentioned a demonstration of force--
I assure you such power exists.
Such power exists?
I'm afraid you have no alternative. In such, a case the planet Earth would have to be--  --eliminated.
One thing, Mr. Klaatu. Suppose this group should reject your proposals. What is the alternative?
I'm sure I'll be quite safe until the meeting.
I'm afraid I can't offer you any real protection. I have no influence in cases of inter-planetary conspiracy.
My name is Carpenter and I'm a very earthy character living in a respectable boarding house.
What about your personal safety in the meantime? What about the Army -- and the police?
No -- not at all.
You'd have no objection to revealing yourself at this meeting?
I leave that in your hands.
It is not enough to have men of science. We scientists are too easily ignored -- or misunderstood. We must get important men from every field. Educators -- philosophers -- church leaders -- men of vision and imagination -- the finest minds in the world.
That's what I came to see you about.
Would you be willing to meet with the group of scientists I am calling together?. Perhaps you could explain your mission to them, and they in turn could present it to their various peoples.
Violent action -- since that seems to be the only thing you people understand.  Leveling the island of Manhattan, perhaps -- or dropping the Rock of Gibraltar into the sea.
What -- what sort of action do you mean?
I come to you as a last resort -- and I confess that my patience is wearing thin.  Must I take drastic action in order to get a hearing?
I gather that your efforts on the official level were not entirely successful.
What I have to say must be said to all concerned.  It is too important to be entrusted to any individual.
Would you care to be more specific?
I came here to warn you that, by threatening danger, your planet faces danger -- very grave danger. I am prepared, however, to offer a solution.
We scientists understand this. Even we primitive scientists.  What exactly is the nature of your mission, Mr. Klaatu?
We had our atomic wars -- thousands of years ago.  After that we fought with bows and arrows. Then, slowly, we learned that fighting is no solution -- that aggression leads to chaos.
These other planets -- do they have peace and security?
We want to be sure you don't make -- let us say -- an unfortunate mistake. We know the potentiality of these developments and we are disturbed to find them in the hands of children... You see, we've had atomic energy for five thousand of your years.  We discarded instruments like this many centuries ago.  So long as you were limited to fighting among yourselves -- with your primitive tanks and planes -- we were unconcerned. But soon you will apply atomic energy to space ships -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planets. That, of course, we cannot tolerate.
If you mean that you are afraid of us--
In the hands of a mature civilization, these would not be considered weapons of aggression. But in the hands of your people--  We've observed your aggressive tendencies, and we don't trust you with such power.
Yes -- that is true.
It was my intention to discuss this officially -- with all the nations of the Earth -- but I was not allowed the Opportunity. I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society.  We know from scientific observation that you have discovered a rudimentary kind of atomic energy. We also know that you are experimenting with rockets.
That was my first question.
I would like to explain something of my mission here.
It isn't faith that makes good science, Mr. Klaatu. Its curiosity.  Sit down, please. I have several thousand questions to ask you.
You have faith, Professor Barnhardt
My name is Klaatu.  I spent two days at your Walter Reed Hospital. Room 309. My doctor's name was Major White -- and I had a very attractive nurse called Ruth, who's getting married next Wednesday.  If you are not interested -- or if you intend to turn me over to your Army -- we needn't waste any more time.
As though unsure of what he's heard) Yes -- yes, I have.
I find it works well enough to get me from one planet to another.  I understand you've called a meeting to study our space ship.
How can you be so sure? Have you tested this theory?
Almost negligible... With variation of parameters, this is the answer.
Yes -- that will reproduce the first- order terms. But what about the effect of the other terms?
Not yet. That's why I wanted to see you.
It was a clumsy way to introduce myself -- but I understand you're a difficult man to see.  I thought you'd have the solution by this time.
You wrote this?
Yeah -- the grass was kind of wet.
Yes, dear. Come on now.  Bobby, your shoes are soaking!
Oh, boy -- can I, Mom?
Come on, darling -- we're going up to bed.
Gee, Mom, do you think maybe he's a diamond smuggler?
Well, not exactly. I gave him two dollars.
He gave these to you?
You didn't really see the space ship. You just thought you did.
Yes, I have!
Now think back hard. You didn't follow Mr. Carpenter at all, did you? You haven't even been out of the house.
No, I haven't, Mom. I promise you... I saw it!
Bobby, you've been dreaming again.
Honest, Mom, I saw him. It just opened up and he walked right in. And that great big iron man was moving around!
Now, Bobby, just a minute--
I followed Mr. Carpenter -- right after you left -- and, gee, Mom, where do you think he went? Right into the space ship!
Tell me what?
I couldn't go to sleep, Mom. I had to tell you!
Bobby--! What are you doing up at this hour?
No, dear, of course not. He's a very nice man. I Just think he might prefer to be left alone. Now you get to bed and forget about it.  'Night, darling.
I mean -- on account of that policeman last night.  You think he's a bank robber, maybe? Or a gangster?
What do you mean, dear?
Mom -- is there something wrong with Mr. Carpenter?
Sure we did! He wasn't there but we went to see him. And Mr. Carpenter showed him how to do his arithmetic.
Did you and Mr. Carpenter really go to see Professor Barnhardt?
Gee, why, Mom? He's my best friend... And he's awful good in arithmetic. He even helps Professor Barnhardt.
Bobby -- I think it would be better if we didn't see quite so much of Mr. Carpenter
Okay.
Go to bed, darling. You can finish that in the morning.
Aw, gee, Mom -- I had plans to play with Mr. Carpenter.
Of course, dear.
Yeah, sure. Mom, do I have to go to school tomorrow?
Professor Barnhardt.
We sure had fun today. We saw the space ship and we went to see Professor Barnhardt -- and--
I -- I don't know, dear... Perhaps there's some mistake.
Mom -- why does Mr. Carpenter have to go down to the police station?
Come on, Bobby. Time to go to bed.
Boy, we had a swell time. Didn't we, Mr. Carpenter?
Did you have a nice day, dear?
Hello, darling.  Good evening, Mr. Carpenter.
Hi Mom!
That's enough, Bobby. I think it's time you went to bed.
Can I help you look for the space man? Can I?  I know what he looks like! He's got a square head -- and, three great big eyes!
I think we've all been hearing too much about "space men."
Bet he is, Mom. Bet he's out looking for that space man.
Why -- the light in my room went out.  Thank you, Bobby. Goodnight.
What do you want it for, Mr. Carpenter?
Yeah -- sure.  It's a real Boy Scout flashlight.
Bobby -- have you a flashlight?
I'll say goodnight again.
Thanks, Mr. Carpenter.
All you have to remember is, first find the common denominator -- then subtract.
Goodnight.
We'll finish it tomorrow... Goodnight, Bobby.
Aw, gee -- we didn't finish our story.
We went to the movies -- and we had ice cream cones -- and we went to see Daddy--
We certainly did.
Mr. Brady's a cop.
Mrs. Benson -- this is Mr. Brady.
She doesn't like me to steal from people.
Why not, Bobby?
Let's not say anything to my mother about this, Mr. Carpenter.
Well, sure, but--
Would you give me your two dollars for a couple of them?
Bet they're worth about a million dollars.
Some places that's what people use for money. They're easy to carry -- and they don't wear out.
Gee -- those look like diamonds!
No -- I want to take you to the movies.  Do you think they'd accept these?
I've got some money. My mother gave me two dollars.
Certainly.  Tell me, Bobby -- do you have to have money to go there?
No foolin'? Will you?
All right.
Go to the movies.
They have cemeteries. But not like this one... You see, they don't have any wars.
Is it different where you've been?  Don't they have places like this?
I'll tell you, Bobby -- I've been away for a long time. Very far away.
Mr. Carpenter" -- you don't seem to know about anything.
No -- I'm afraid not.
Sure. Didn't you ever hear of Arlington Cemetery?
Did all these people die in wars?
He doesn't know the answer. And he'll never get it that way.
Bet he's the only one in the world knows the answer.
It's a problem in celestial mechanics.
What does that mean?
We can scare him more than he can scare us.
Well, sure I would, but --  Aw, I'll bet you'd be scared.
Wouldn't you like to meet him?
You're just kidding, aren't you?
Bobby -- I have an idea. Let's go see Professor Barnhardt and find out how he talks.
Velocity is the time rate of change of position.
Mr. Carpenter -- what does velocity mean?
I don't know, Bobby. I'm inclined to doubt it.
You think they'll ever find him?
Well -- there are several ways to reduce landing speed. You see, the velocity--
Gee! How could they make a landing?
Maybe four thousand miles an hour. And outside the Earth's atmosphere a good deal faster.
Yes -- I think so.
You think it can go faster than an F- 36?
No. It's for a lot of other things, too.
I thought that was only for bombs.
Well -- atomic power, I would imagine.
Gee, I'd like to get inside and see how it works. What do you think makes it go?
I shouldn't be at all surprised.
Boy, I'll bet he's strong. I bet he could knock down a whole building.
Department of Commerce. She's a secretary.  They have a man they call the Secretary, but he isn't at all. My mother's a real secretary.  Mr. Carpenter -- now can we go see the space ship?
Where is that?
Sure. Right near where my mother works.
He lives here in Washington, doesn't he?
Well -- Professor Barnhardt, I guess. He's the greatest scientist in the world.
I was speaking of earth men. I meant the greatest philosopher -- the greatest thinker.
Gee -- I don't know... The space man, I guess.
Bobby -- who's the greatest man in America today?
No -- I'm afraid not.
Are you an FBI man?
He says their medicine is that much more advanced.  He was very nice about it. But he made me feel like a third-class witch doctor.
How does he explain that?
Their life expectancy is a hundred and thirty.
I don't believe it.
He told me this morning when I examined him. He's seventy-eight.
Oh, I'd say forty-five.
And the lungs are the same as ours. Must mean a similar atmosphere -- similar pressure.  How old do you think he is?
The skeletal structure is completely normal.  Same for the major organs - heart, liver, spleen, kidneys.
Under the circumstances I'm afraid that will be impossible.
Before making any decisions, I think I should get out among your people -- become familiar with the basis for these strange, unreasoning attitudes.
I'm afraid my people haven't.  I'm very sorry -- I wish it were otherwise.
I am impatient with stupidity. My people have learned to live without it.
Your impatience is quite understandable.
I can judge only by what I see.
Our problems are very complex, Mr. Klaatu. You mustn't judge us too harshly.
I will not speak to any one nation or group of nations.  I don't intend to add my contribution to your childish jealousies and suspicions.
Now that you understand the situation more clearly, perhaps you'd like to discuss the matter with the President
It's not your government I'm thinking about. It's your world.
I tried to make you understand. The suspicions -- the jealousies -- the mistrust--  Surely you realize that my government has done everything in its power--
Not very good news, I'm afraid.  The President accepted your suggestion and cabled the invitations for a meeting last night.  Let me read you some of the replies.  "The Premier wishes to inform the Government of the United States that it will be impossible for him to attend the meeting suggested by the President unless the meeting is held in Moscow."  "The suggestion of the President regarding the possibility of a meeting in Moscow would be unacceptable to Her Majesty's Government at the present time. Representation could be sent only if the meeting were held in Washington."  Well -- there you have it.
Thank you... Have you any news?
Good afternoon.  I'm glad to see you up and around.
I've been dealing in Earth's politics a good deal longer than you have.  Goodnight, sir.
Apparently I'm not as cynical about Earth's people as you are.
I will make that recommendation to the President.  I must tell you in all honesty that I'm extremely dubious about the results.
Believe me, you don't understand. They wouldn't sit down at the same table.
Then why not a meeting of all the Chiefs of State?
We could call a special meeting of the General Assembly... But of course the UN doesn't represent all of the nations.
I intend to explain. To all the nations -- simultaneously.  How do we proceed, Mr. Harley?
Perhaps if you could explain a little--
My mission here is not to solve your petty squabbles. It concerns the existence of every last creature who lives on Earth.
I was only hoping to make you understand.
I am not concerned, Mr. Harley, with the internal affairs of your planet. I consider that to be your business -- not mine.
I'm sure you recognize from our broad- casts the evil forces that have produced the tension in our world. Surely you would agree--
The first two years of television we were convinced that all you did was wrestle.
You must have a rather strange impression of us.
We've been monitoring your radio broadcasts for a good many years. That's how we learned your languages. Lately, we've been getting your television also.
You know about the United Nations?
I traveled 250 million miles. What about your United Nations?
I'm afraid that would be a little awkward. It's -- it's completely without precedent. And there are practical considerations -- the time involved -- the enormous distances.
I want to meet with representatives from all the nations of the Earth.
I -- I'm not sure I understand--
This is not a personal matter, Mr. Harley. It concerns all the people on your planet.
Perhaps you'd rather discuss it personally with the President--
I'd be glad to.  Not now, of course -- with you alone.
We're very curious about that, too. Would you care to talk about it?
I mean the reasons for my coming here.
The present situation?
I'm afraid, in the present situation you'll have to learn to think that way.
It's rather difficult for us to think of another planet as a neighbor.
From another planet. Let's just say that we're neighbors.
Naturally we're very curious to know where it is you come from.
About 250 million of your miles.
You must have come a long way.
About five months -- your months.
I'm sure I don't have to point out that your arrival was something of a surprise.  Had you been traveling long?
Sit down, Mr. Harley.
The President asked me to convey his deepest apologies for what has happened. We all feel--
Just Klaatu.
My name is Harley -- Secretary to the President  I've been told that you speak our language -- that your name is Mr. Klaatu.
I'm not going to marry anybody.
You wait and see. You're going to marry a big hero!
I feel different right now.
You'll feel different when you see my picture in the papers.
I don't care about the rest of the world!
Tom, you mustn't -- ! You don't know what you're doing! It isn't just you and Mr. Carpenter. The rest of the world, is involved!
Why not? Somebody's got to get rid of him.
Is that what you're thinking about?
He told you... Don't be silly, honey -- just because you like the guy.  You realize what this'd mean for us? I'd be the biggest man in the country. I could write my own ticket.
But he isn't a menace! He told me what he came here for.
He's a menace to the whole world! It's our duty to turn him in.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. We mustn't do anything about it. Believe me, Tom, I know what I'm talking about.
Important? Of course it's important. The point is we can do something about it.
You don't understand. You don't realize how important it is.
Are you crazy? After what happened today?
Never mind about that.  You've got to promise me you won't say a word to anybody.
How do you know?
All right, Tom -- it's true. I know it's true.
Helen, he's the man from the space ship!  I had that diamond checked at three different places. Nobody on earth's ever seen a stone like that! After what Bobby told us, that's enough for me. Why is it nobody knows anything about him? Why hasn't he got any money?
What about him?
I've got some terrific news about your friend, Mr. Carpenter.
Come on in.
Tom -- I've been trying to get you all afternoon--
I -- I'm afraid I can't -- not right now. Can I talk to you later?. Yes, that'll be fine. 'Bye.
I'm at Bleeker's getting an appraisal on that diamond. I thought we might have lunch together.
I've got a good lock on my door.  And Bobby's going to sleep in my room tonight.
You think it's all right for you to stay here?
Bobby and I have had enough excitement for tonight.
I wonder if we ought to--
Looks real to me.
Is it real?
He's not there.  But look what I found in his room
I'm sorry. I guess I'm just tired of hearing about Mr. Carpenter.  I don't like the way he's attached himself to you and Bobby. After all, what do you know about him?
Oh, Tom, that was awful.
I hope Mr. Carpenter won't think I'm intruding.
I was talking to Mr. Carpenter.
The picture starts at eight-fifty.
I will be in just a minute.
You ready?
Hello--
A good insurance salesman wouldn't give you time to think.
You're a good salesman -- but I've got to think about it.
The boss is leaving for Chicago tomorrow. If I could tell him I was getting married -- with two dependents--
You know how I feel, Tom. I just want to think it over.
You still haven't answered my question.
It was a wonderful day.
There's always somebody here, but today of course they've all got plans.
Well, we could--
There's only one thing -- I haven't been able to arrange for anyone to stay with Bobby.  I don't suppose we could take him with us?
We're all set. I picked up some sandwiches and put gas in the car. And the radio's still busted, so me can forget about the space man for today.
I think I'm very lucky. You don't always get a chance to recognize a mistake before you make it.
I'm sorry.
No. That's all finished.
He'll have you -- and Tom.
We'll miss you very much -- Bobby and I.  He won't have anyone to play with.
How long will I live?  That no one can say.
But how -- how long--?
This technique, in certain cases, can re-stimulate life for a limited period. It's a refinement of scientific principles known to your own people.
No -- that is a power reserved to the Almighty Spirit.
You mean he has the power of life and death?
I was.
I -- I thought you were--
Hello.
Remember those words.
"Klaatu barada nikto."
There's no limit to what he could do. He could destroy the Earth.  If anything should happen to me, you must go to Gort. You must give him this message: "Klaatu barada nikto." Please repeat that.
Gort?  But he's a robot. I mean -- without you, what could he do?
I'm worried about Gort. I'm afraid of what he might do -- if anything should happen to me.
It's only a few blocks to Barnhardt's.
At the ship.
Where is the meeting going to be?
I'm sure Barnhardt can arrange to hide me until the meeting.
Tom... He was there last night when Bobby told me what he saw.
Who?
No, wait a minute -- there's someone else.
Back to the boardinghouse. I'll be safe there for the afternoon -- and I can keep an eye on Bobby. He's the only other person who knows anything about--
Where are you going now?
Yes -- Just exactly.
It must be twelve-thirty.
I can see no other hope for your planet. If the meeting should fail, then I'm afraid there is no hope.
You hold great hope for this meeting.
You see -- the electricity's been neutralized -- all over the world.
Why not?
It won't work.
We could try pushing the other buttons.  I have a flashlight in my purse.
We'll be stuck here for a little while -- about thirty minutes.
Just twelve.
What time is it?
What happened?
Before I ask you to be honest with me, perhaps I should be completely honest with you--
What is it you want?
Did you believe what he told you?  I have a reason for asking this -- a very important reason.
I -- I didn't really pay much attention--  Bobby has such an active imagination.
I want to know what he told you last night.
Yes--?
I saw Bobby this morning before he went to school--
May I walk out with you?
I -- I was Just going to lunch.
May I see you for a minute?
Oh -- hello--
Goodnight, my dear.
Mr. Carpenter, I--  Goodnight.
Goodnight, Mr. Carpenter.
Excuse me. I was just going up to my room.
Oh -- they just wanted to ask me a few questions. Bobby and I tried to see Professor Barnhardt in the afternoon, but he wasn't in. Apparently they thought I was looking for secrets of some kind.
Mr. Carpenter -- this is none of my business, but -- why did that detective come here last night?
Warm and friendly and intelligent--  You know -- he's the only real friend I've made since I've been here.
Naturally I think so.
He's a fine boy, Mrs. Benson.
He has his homework to keep him occupied.
Bobby's the only person I know who isn't -- Jittery.
Jittery is the word.
Everyone seems so-- 
I enjoyed every minute of it.
I don't know how to thank you.
You might keep this.  I think the professor will want to get in touch with me.
Well, he's not here. And he won't be back till this evening.  I think you'd better leave now. Unruffled, Klaatu turns to the desk and scribbles something on a scratch pad. He tears off the piece of paper and hands it to Hilda.
We came to see Professor Barnhardt.
How did you get in here? And what do you want?
He'll catch on to it in no time now.
How dare you write on that blackboard!  Do you realize the Professor has been working on that problem for weeks?
I'd give you a very good price.
No -- no, thanks.
Would you like to sell it?
You sure about that?
There are no diamonds like this -- any place in the world.
That's what I wanted you to tell me.
I have never seen such a stone. Will you please tell me where it came from?
Is it worth anything?
Get going, will you, Brady -- before I get mad!
May I suggest that you call the Professor?
They can tell right away. They've got a couple of doctors who saw this man in the hospital.  Take him over to G2.
How long will that take?
People get hysterical enough, they do anything.  Look, Mr. Carpenter -- if you can't identify yourself, I got to send you over to the Army.
They would have killed this man?
Okay -- book him and get him fixed up.  Looks like everybody's goin' nuts.
You don't.
Well, how do I know who you are?
No -- I'm afraid not.
Your name's Carpenter -- that right?  Any identification, Mr. Carpenter? Driver's license -- social security number?
It's really quite simple... The three- body problem, you know.
But I suppose you know the answer.
In this case the secret wouldn't be worth much. He doesn't know the answer himself.
I suppose you know that Barnhardt does a lot of secret work for the Army.
That's right.
Oh, I see. He was having trouble and you were helping him out.
I was only trying to be helpful. He was having difficulty with a problem.
The Professor's secretary says she found you in Barnhardt's room, making marks on his blackboard.
What's Plan B?
Time to activate Plan B.
Well... we blew Plan A.
You gotta drive!
They're gaining on us!
We blew it, Edgar!  We lost it!
Burn rubber does not mean <u>warp</u> <u>speed</u>!
Fine!  Stay here!
We don't ride with vampires.
<u>I'll</u> have to drive!
Exactly how many vampires have you actually destroyed?
They wouldn't be out in the daytime.
You better get a garlic T-shirt, buddy.
He's my brother.
Why not?
He's a vampire alright.
Yeah.
Salt sticks to the bottom of his feet.
Wears sunglasses in the <u>house</u>.
Can't stand light?
All day.
I'm gonna pray that I never need to call you.
Think of this more as a survival manual... there's our number on the back, and pray that you never need to call us.
I don't like horror comics.
You better get some fresh air.
We're fighters for Truth, Justice, and the American Way.
This isn't a comic book store, right.  It's a bakery.
Yeah, you think we just work in a comic book store for our dad, huh?
It's a pretty cool place if you're a Martian.
How do you like Santa Carla?
This one could save your life.
I don't like horror comics.
No, I'm a resident as of today and you'll probably be seeing a lot of me... I've been collecting comic books all my life... perhaps you'd like to see my collection?
Just passing through Santa Carla?
The baddest!
The meanest!
We are awesome monster-bashers!
Maximum body-count.
Death to all vampires!
You know what?  You're absolutely right.
Those two we brought back with us. The girl and the kid.  I don't trust 'em.  I say we terminate 'em while we can.
Whattaya mean?
<u>Four</u> to go.
Two down and two to go.
Man, we totally annihilated his night-stalkin' ass!
Did you see that sucker burn?!
That's just the way we like it.
Good.
They're gonna book us.
They're looking at us.
They pulled a mind-scramble on us, man!  It wasn't our fault! They opened their eyes and talked!
We unraveled in the face of the enemy!
Shut up!
I've only got one question for you, and I want an honest answer.  Have you taken any human victims yet?
Should I run him through?
El Vampiro.
The nightcrawler.  The bloodsucker.
The Prince of Darkness.
Okay.  Where's Nosferatu?
Zero.
All together?
As a matter of fact, we're almost certain that ghouls and werewolves occupy high positions at City Hall.
Santa Carla has become a haven for the undead.
We've been aware of some very serious vampire activity in this town for a long time.
You're one of us, now -- aren't you?
What is this, David?
If you ever want to see Star again, then you better come with us.
Where's Star, David?!
Hey, take it easy.
Where is she?!
What's goin' on, Marko?
What's going' on?
Get your bike.  We're going someplace.
I'm my own man.
Why?  They're only noodles.
Don't!  Stop!
You're eating maggots.  How do they taste?
What?...
So how do you like those maggots, Michael?
Good idea.  Marko.  We're hungry.
We were gonna grab some food.
You don't have to beat me, Michael.  Just try to keep up.
I can't beat a Triumph.
Star?...
C'mon, Star.  Climb on.
That's right.
Honda 250, huh?
We still going?
No, Star.  Put it down.  Put it down.
I will, David!
You can't kill me, Star.
You're almost one of us now, Michael.
Look.
Sorry, Michael.  No hard feelings, huh?  Here.  Try these noodles.
Leave him alone.
No.  Stick around.
C'mon, Michael.  I want to go.
Yeah.
With him?
For a ride.
Where you going?
The dun goes down and they'll be comin' for us.
What happens in tow and a half hours?
We don't have one yet.  And we only have two and a half hours to come up with one.
Your dog knows flesh-eaters when he smells 'em!
No, Nanook!  Quiet!
There's a cop behind us.
What?
Oh, no...
That's exactly what this place is. One great big coffin.  Let's stake 'em.
I thought they'd be in coffins.
Vampires, my friend.  Vampires.
What's that smell!?
Chill out Edgar.
Just so you know:  If you try to stop us, or vamp-out in any way, I'll stake you without thinking twice about it.
To free you, we must destroy the leader of the vampires.
He's telling the truth!  Aren't you, Michael?
Hit the lights again.
He's not glowing.
How do you know they're not?
I wish they were vampires so I could nuke them in their hearts.
Well... he only shows up at the store after dark.  And today, his dog attacked my mom.  Listen to this.  From <u>Vampires</u> <u>Everywhere</u>...  'Vampires require a daytime protector -- a <u>Guardian</u> -- to watch over them as they sleep. For it is during the day that the vampire is most vulnerable. Since they hold sway over animals, <u>fierce dogs -- the hounds of Hell</u> <u>-- are often employed for this</u> <u>purpose</u>.'
That is very probable.  What's your reasoning?
I have something to tell you guys.  Not only is my own brother showing systems of being a vampire... but now I'm convinced my mother's <u>dating</u> one!
I can't do that!
Get yourself a good sharp stake and drive it through his heart.
His fingernails are longer, but he always has bad breath.
Bad breath?  Long fingernails?
Now I get it... you're like those people in the airport trying to get you to give them money. You're part of a cult.
This is just our cover.  We're dedicated to a higher purpose.
You think you're cool, don't you? You think you know what's really happening, don't you?  Well, you don't know shit, buddy.
Are you guys sniffing old newsprint or something?
Or a vampire.
Phoenix actually and these Bullwinkle and...
Where the hell are you from, Kryton???
And these Archies should be over here with the Richie Rich's.
Sam, don't --
Don't go out there!  Stop him!
Okay, okay.
I said, <u>I'll take you there</u>. Nobody's going near Star without me.
I'll take you there.
I don't want names!  Just lead me to him.  Where's their nest?
David.
If you're telling the truth, it means we can save you.
Of course not!
Right.  An' now we're having company <u>again</u>.  I'll take mine to go.
'Again'?  Dad... you haven't had company in this house since Mom died eight years ago.
Max?  You men we're having company again?
I told Max eight o'clock.
Smells good.  When do we eat?
It's called the Indian walk. Walkin' without makin' a sound.
Dad!  Don't sneak up on people like that!
Closet monster!?
I can't sleep with the closet door open, either.  Not even a crack.  Your father doesn't mind, though. It could be wide open for all he cared.  I think one of the reasons I divorced him was because he never believed... in the horror... of the <u>closet monster</u>!
When I dressed like you do now, you threw me out of the house. I used to hate your short hair and your uptight suits... then I went ahead and married one... I went Yuppie and you became a hippie... Were still out of synch.
Ouch, my hair...
A big legal war wasn't going to improve anybody's situation.  We've all been through enough.  Besides I was raised better than that. Thanks for having us, Dad.
Lucy, you're the only woman I ever knew didn't improve her situation by getting divorced.
I better get cleaned up, then.
I guess so.  She said not to be late.
Did we have a date tonight?
Grandpa, the Widow Johnson called. She said to pick her up a seven instead of eight.
I hate goin' into town.  That's about as close to town as I like to get.
I thought we were goin' into town.
Are we havin' fun or what?
Great.  I wanna get some new comics.
Been fixin' to build me fence one of these days.  Bought all the materials, then put it off... for about ten years.  Well, one more day won't hurt. Wanna go into town with me?
Oh... I was just... having a look at your truck.  What's all that wood in there for?
Whatcha doin' over here?
Good!
Gotta keep in practice.  It's a dyin' art.
Grandpa, stop doin' the Indian Walk!
Lots more where he came from.
Thanks, Grandpa...
No, I just like to read the <u>T.V.</u> <u>Guide</u>.  Read the <u>T.V. Guide</u>, you don't need a T.V...
You have a T.V.?
... And stay outta here.
You better not like him too much.
I like Michael.
You like Michael.
Promise me you'll keep it that way.  You're not like the others, Laddie.  You're like me.  I can still remember, too.
No.  Just you.
You didn't tell David?
No, Laddie.  It was a <u>memory</u>.
It was a dream, Star.
Laddie... you can <u>still</u> remember. You can still remember home.
I know it was them, Star.  I'm sure of it.  He was working in the yard -- hammering something.  The yard was big with lots of grass.  There was no boardwalk and no ocean.  She was bringing him something cold to drink... and had red hair.  I was there, too.  And a dog -- but I don't know its name.  I was running and the dog was chasing me. Then I turned around and chased the dog.  They were watching me. Drinking their cold drinks and laughing.  And I was laughing, too.
Who, Laddie?
I had the dream again about <u>them</u>.
This is Michael.
Hi... I'm Laddie.
Get out, Mom!  Run!
Michael!...
I <u>didn't</u> invite you in this time!
Gotta go, Mom.
There's only three weeks left of summer, Michael.  Things are going to change around here when school starts.
Can't.  Got plans of my own.
Max is coming for dinner, Michael. I'd like you to meet him.
Mom... please.
Wait a minute, kiddo.
I'm tired now.
-- If there's a girl, we could talk about her.
Then let's act like friends. Let's talk.  I know this is a new place, and --
We are...
Does that mean we are, or we aren't?
Sure.
Okay.
Okay?
Grandpa has plans of his own.  Michael, I want you to do this. Everybody has been bending over backwards for you.  You come home late.  You sleep in to the middle of the day -- Sam is always alone. You do exactly what you want... tonight do what I want for a change.
I watch him all day.  The only time I have more myself is at night.  Let Grandpa watch him.
Michael, will you do me a favor this evening?  Will you stay home with Sam tonight?  I'm meeting Max for dinner after work.
No.  I'm up.
Michael, are you still in bed?
I'll pass.
I get off in another twenty minutes.  I thought maybe we'd all get a bite together.
See you later.
Oh, no, you won't.
I'll hitch.
Bring your own wheels tomorrow night and you can stay as long as you want... well 'til eleven thirty maybe.
It's early.  Why do we have to go home?
He's not breathing, Mom.
He's just a deep sleeper.
He looks dead.
For everything.
For what.
Still mad at me?
What happened?  Is everybody all right?!
Mom!
Ohmygod...
-- I'm not talking about Max!  To hell with Max!
There's nothing wrong with Max.  I don't know why you don't --
No, I'm not...
Not another word!  I can't believe you're doing this.  I'm going to see Max tonight and you're trying to ruin it for me again.
But, Mom...
Stop it, Sam.  Stop it right now!
This is not a joke.  They know that we know about them.  They're coming to the house as soon as it gets dark!
Not funny, Sam!
Vampires, Mom!  Everywhere! You've got to tell the police! The newspapers!  The TV stations! They'll listen to you.  They'll believe you...  you're a <u>mom</u>!
What did you say?
Must be a circuit breaker.
Oh, no.  Now what?
C'mere, Nanook.
Nanook, stop breathin' on me.
No, no... there's plenty for everybody... Oh, Max, this is Sam... and the Frog Brothers...
Well if we're in your way we can just eat peanut butter out of the jar in the kitchen.
Ah... I didn't know you were having guests...
These are my dinner guests. Edgar and Alan.  The Frog Brothers.
Okay.  Have you been eating pizza?  You smell like garlic.
Do you mind?  It was a real scary comic.
In here?
Can I sleep in here with you tonight?
He's already gone to bed.
Where's Michael?
Sorry, Mom.  It was a mistake. I thought I saw something out the window.  I was reading this horror comic and I guess I go a little carried away...
Sam!  What happened!?  You had me scared to death.  Are you all right?
We can't talk about it on the phone.
What's wrong?  Tell me.
Mom.  I think we've got to have a long talk about something?
Sam.  Is everything all right?
Soon as I finish this comic.  Okay?
Lights out, Sam.
Can we get a T.V.?
I guess no one cares what I got a job.
He met a girl.
Soon.
Help me, Mom.  Help.
So many times, I'm starting to think it happened to me.
You've heard this story before?
When you ran away from home, hitch- hiked to Berkeley, spent the night in Golden Gate Park and begged for spare change in the morning?
Not that poor.
I thought we were poor.
Tell them to get something to eat.
Can we go now, huh? LUCY Maybe later.  Grandpa's expecting us.
That's the boardwalk, Sam.
Mom, there's an amusement park right on the beach!
Guys, I know it hasn't been easy... the divorce and now the move...  but I think you're really going to like living in Santa Carla...
Smells like something died.
Ocean air!
What's that smell?
We're getting close...
It's you I was after all along, Lucy.  To be our day time guardian. I knew if we could bring Sam and Michael into the faimly, there'd be no way you could say no.
Will somebody please tell me what this is all about!?
It was all going to be so perfect, Lucy.  One big happy family.  My boys... and <u>yours</u>.
Max... what are you talking about?
Well... what do I know?  I'm a bachelor.  Lucy... this is going to be a very special night, I promise you.
I thought you said they needed discipline?
Let me tell you something about boys.  They're like weeds.  They grow best when they're ignored.
No, no.  Just worrying about my boys -- as usual.
Something the matter?
I hope so.
Maybe this is the night where everything finally goes right for a change.
I don't want to fight with you, Lucy.  Come on.  Let's give it one more try.  Dinner at my house, tomorrow night.  I'm cooking.
He doesn't walk all over me.
Boys Sam's age need a good deal of discipline, or they walk all over you.
I don't understand Sam.  He's just not like this.
Our batting average isn't very good is it?  So far we're zero for two.
I'm really sorry, Max.
It's <u>garlic</u>!!  I like garlic, but...
Max!  What's wrong?
Boy!  <u>Somebody</u> areound here sure has bad breath!
This looks terrific, Lucy.
Oh, right.  I always gets those two confused.
You're thinking of the groom not seeing the bride before the wedding.
Is it okay for the guest to see the food before the dinner?
I hear this is the decade for cute.
Yeah.  Runaways, mostly.  They come from all over.  Attracted by the boardwalk and the ocean.  Lucy... listen I know I have no right to ask you this... but don't look for another job just yet... I mean besides being the best employee I have... I think you're cute.
I guess if I had my choice, I'd like to do something that involves children.  Work with kids in some way.  Teenagers, maybe.  And Santa Carla seems to be full of them.
But I don't think it's what you really want to do, is it?
You seem like a terrific guy, Max, and I'm grateful for the job...
So, I've met the one woman on the planet who's going to hold my success against me.
Ohm I would have been... one marriage ago.
Not impressed, are you?
I know.  It's so 'Eighties.'  It's the Cute Decade.
You're cute, Max.
Hi, Thorn.
Say hello to Thorn.
Do I look that needy?
-- a job.
I'm not looking for a tape.  What I need is --
So what can I help you find tonight, Lucy?  We've got it all.  Best selection in Santa Carla.
Lucy.
You've got a generous nature.  I like that in a person.  My name is Max.
What?!  Did you know that!?
Michael invited me in.  Never invite a vampire into your house. It renders you powerless.
But you passed the test!
Yeah.  I'm not trying to replace your Dad... or steal your Mom.  I just want to be your friend.
I am?
Burn??  Are you kidding?  It's freezing!
Does it burn?
Okay, Sam.  Thanks.
How about a little Parmesan cheese on that?
So do I!
It's gone.  I feel it!
They'll be coming for <u>all</u> of us.
They'll be coming for Laddie and me, won't they?
Save Laddie first.
Huh?
Take laddie.
You've got to put this on.
You're not going anywhere...  Sam...
David's looking for me... I have to go.
I'm weak... Soon I'll need to feed.
I know, I've felt it...
It's not too late for you to be saved... but each night... it becomes harder and harder for me to resist killing...
Then it's not too late for us...
Because I love you...
Why not?
Not yet... You're like Laddie and me... Half-vampires... You're not a full vampire until you've made your first kill... You were supposed to be mine... but I couldn't, Michael.
That night in the cave -- that wasn't wine they gave me to drink... it was blood!  David's blood.  I'm one of them, Star!  I'm just like them!
Yes... and I'm to blame for it. If you hadn't met me... if I hadn't liked you... I tried to warn you...
Do you know where David took me tonight, Star?  Do you?!
Okay.
I have to talk to you.  Can I come up?
Tonight.  At the boardwalk...
When?
Have to sleep.  Have to sleep, Michael.
I have to talk to you.  Please wake up.
No... no, everything's different now...
Let's go see them.
No.  They've made me one of them, but I miss my family.
Now you and David...
I used to fight with my family all the time... just got fed up and ran away.
I wouldn't have given my Mom such a hard time about moving here if I'd known I was going to meet you.
Don't be a baby.  That didn't hurt and you know it.
Ouch.
Okay.
Are you hungry?  Wanna get something to eat?
Sort of.  We used to come here summers when I was kid.  Now we're here on a permanent basis.
I guess you're new around here.
Michael's great.  I like Michael.
I'm Michael.
Me, too.
Ex-hippies.  My mom was one.   I came this close to being called Moon Child, or Moon Beam or something.  But Star's great.  I <u>like</u> Star.
What do you mean?
Oh.  Your folks, too, huh?
Star.
What's your name?
If you want your ear pierced, I'll do it.
Hi...
I just wanted to... I, uh...
Okay.  Talk.
Well... yeah.  Sure.
Did you want to talk to me?
Well, I...
Are you following me?
I... I don't feel any differently.  Do you?
What's the matter?
Huh?...
Michael!  Get behind the wheel.
The Marines.
Who are you calling?
Don't kill anybody until we get back to you...
Star.
I don't know.
It's that girl from the boardwalk. Is she one of them?
Just for a few days, Sam.  Give me a chance to work this out by myself.
I don't know, Michael.  This is not like breaking a lamp or getting a 'D'.
No!  We can't tell Mom!  Please, Sam.  Don't tell her.
What about Mom?
We've got to stick together, Sam. You've got to help me.
Look at your reflection in the mirror!!
What??
He was protecting <u>you</u>!
What did you to do him, Michael? Why did he bite you?
Nothing!  I didn't hurt him.  <u>He</u> bit <u>me</u>!  This is <u>my</u> blood!
What about Nonook?  What have you done to Nanook?!  What have you done to my dog, you asshole?!
Nanook...
What happened, Michael!?
Don't turn on the light.
Michael?
You have such a great personality, Michael.   You should open your own charm school.
Piss off.
Lose the earring, Michael.  It's not happening.  It's just not happening.
Don't bother.
I'm making you a sandwich.
No.  On the phone.
Mom's home?...
No.
Wanna go to the comic book store?
I told you it was pretty weird Chinese food.
The bottoms of your feet are covered with salt.
No.  Why?
Did you spill something?
You're right... not even to mention you and me.
What would that make Mom?
You don't suppose Grandpa's an alien, do you?
I can't remember much after the Chinese food that looked like maggots.
What did <u>you</u> do last night?  You look wasted.
Entertain yourself.
You're supposed to watch me and entertain me, and make me appreciate the brief but happy years of childhood.
Go away.
Come on, Sam, you know before there were malls there was 'like the ocean.'
Do I have to do this?
Mom, just give me five more minutes. Just five minutes, okay?
Mom, you hitched all the way to Berkeley once, remember?
Don't you have something better to do than follow me around all night?
Then what's the rush?  You're chasing that girl, why don't you just admit it?  I'm at the mercy of your sex glands!
Nowhere.
Where are we going?
Wanna change my hair, my clothes, my face.
You're beautiful.
Okay.  I'll flip you for it.
I was here first.
This room is mine.
Even poor people have T.V.s
Hey, Sam, we're flat broke.
Grandpa does not own a T.V.  Have you noticed?  There's no T.V. Santa Carla has no malls, no Cineplexes and now I won't even have MTV.  I will not know anything hip happening anymore.
Will you give Mom a break?
I'm so excited I just can't hide it.  I'm about to lode control and I think I like it.
This is kind of a cool place.
That's okay, Mom.  I can see it later.  I'll help you unload.
What!?  He <u>can</u> and I <u>can't</u>?!  No fair!!
Nowhere... Just straight to the ocean.
Where these tracks headed?
I know.
Dogs don't eat each other.
Maybe dinner.
Let's load 'em.
All right... Box of dynamite... box of thermite... three shotguns... box of flares... two flare guns... thirty cans gasoline... and a case of alcohol.
Screw it, I'm going up anyway.
Pretty nasty out, Mac.  Thirty-five knots.
Just listen.
What do you want from us?
And the horse you rode in on. Sixteen for how long?!  You can't predict this time of year...
Sixteen.
Nothing.  Nothing at all.
What the hell you looking at me like that for?
Ah... He was hurt bad.  Bullet nicked an artery... I don't know... An hour... hour and a half...
How long were you with the dog? Alone, I mean?
You're saying he wasn't put into the kennel until the night?
Don't know.  Looked for him for a bit... couldn't find him.
Well, where was he?  Where did he go?
Well, after I worked on him -- thought I'd let him rest.  Left the room for a bit.  When I came back, he was gone.
What was he doing in the rec room?
Yeah.
That night?
No.  Just that he recovered real quick... That night when I found him in the rec room, he had already scraped off his bandage.  Before I put him with the others, I redressed his wound and noticed it had healed up real good...
Clark, did you notice anything strange about that dog?  Just anything at all?  Any little thing?
It was a life form that was able to imitate and reproduce, whatever it ate or absorbed, cell for cell.
What do you mean "got" to the dog?
I've got six dead Norwegians on my hands, a burned up flying saucer, and we've just destroyed the scientific find of the century.  Now fuck off!
You can't let anybody leave!
Damn you, Blair!  You've already got everybody half-hysterical around here.
Don't you understand?!  That Thing didn't want to become a dog...
If the weather clears enough before we reach anybody -- I'm sending you and Doc up to MacMurdo...
Listen to me, Garry.  Please...
No, I... I don't mean infection... or disease...
Anybody sick?
... It could have gotten to somebody...
Well... there's still some cell activity... it's not entirely dead yet.
So what's our problem?
Look, I know it's hard to believe...
Maybe.
Sure.  You think there's a connection?
I've asked him to try and locate the site.  Okay with you?
Couldn't make much of it myself.
I just can't comprehend any of this. It was just a dog.
Was that dog, the Norwegian dog?
You promise?
And I don't want any more food with sedatives in it.  I know what you're up to.  Don't think I don't.  And if anyone tries to get in here -- I've got rope.  I'll hang myself before it gets to me.
Now why'd you go and...
Well, who the hell you think wants to get in there with you?
Nobody's getting in here.  You can tell them all that!
What you doin'?
... I think the whole process would have taken an hour... maybe more. And then I suppose both would have changed back to dog form.
Finish what?
Whatever that Norwegian dog was... It... It was capable of changing its form...  ... when it attacked our dog... it somehow was able to digest... or... absorb it... and in the process shaped its own cells to imitate our dog's cells exactly...  ... This for instance isn't dog at all -- it's imitation... We got to it before it had time to finish or...
We'll see...
Fuchs...?  No, it's not Fuchs... You must let me back in... I won't harm anyone... I promise...
Have you come across Fuchs?
I've changed my mind... I'd... I'd like to come back inside... I don't want to stay out here any more... Funny things... I hear funny things out here.
Watch him close.  Ask him why he didn't kennel the dog.
What?
Watch Clark.
Know what you mean, Blair.  Trust is a tough thing to come by these days. Just trust in the Lord.
I don't know who to trust.
How you doin', old boy?
No, you're not!  I don't trust any of you!
Look Blair, maybe you're right about this.  But we've got to be rational. We've got to talk this over.  I'm unarmed and I'm coming in.
... Can't you see...?  If one cell of this Thing got out it could imitate every living thing on Earth. Nothing could stop it!  Nothing!
... You think this Thing wants to become an animal?  Dogs can't make it 1000 miles to the sea.  No skua gulls to imitate this time of year... No penguins this far inland... Don't you understand?!  It wanted to become us!
Too damn dangerous.
No.  Just let him freeze out there.
He's so close.  Maybe our best chance to blow him away.
Why you so damn anxious to let him in here...
Let's open it.  Now...
Hell no.
Let's open it.
If it did get to him.
Could have been anytime.  Anywhere.
Wasn't enough time.  Generator was out, what...?  Thirty minutes. Takes the bastards an hour, maybe two to absorb somebody.
Why didn't it imitate Fuchs?  Isn't that its number -- to get more recruits.
Now hold on, you dumb...
We got to burn 'em.
What's it going to do, being a plant?
Don't get near 'em.  The plants! They're alive.  Those things can imitate anything...
Let go of me...
Childs!!
Now who'd go and do...
Somebody broke in.
Cut, bullshit.  Been pulled apart.
Auxiliary light cables...?  Been cut.
Don't walk behind me.
What?
Ain't it there?
Childs, where's that magneto from Chopper One?
Cool it, Palmer!!
Happens all the time, man.  They're falling out of the skies like flies. Government knows all about it... Chariots of the Gods, man... They practically own South America.  I mean they taught the Incas everything they knew...
You lying bastard...
Was dark... find a light...
I said where?  Where'd you go?!
Look, I haven't been near that... that refrigerator.
That key ring of yours is always hooked to your belt.  Now how could somebody get to it without you knowing?
I suppose... well, it's possible someone might have lifted it from me.  But...
Am I starting to look Norwegian to you, Bwana?
You catch anything he was saying?
When we were up poking around his place... I found this...
Cut him loose?
Cut him loose of the line up by his shack.
Clark, you want me to come in after you?!
Somebody's taken it.  I can't find it!
Clark, you come on out here!!
It's shorted out or something!
That's impossible, man!  Okay, Clark, out of the john where I can see you!
I'm working it!  Nothing's happening!
Cut that out, Copper.  Nauls?  What's taking you?!
No.  The generator.  You got the auxiliary box just off the kitchen. Get to it.  Where's the damn flashlight?  You fellas okay over there?
Childs!  That a fuse?
Who you trying to protect, mutherfucker?  I'm telling you this S.O.B. could be one of them.
Lighten your load, sucker.  You ain't the judge and executioner around here!
If we've got any surprises for each other -- we shouldn't be in any condition to do anything about it.  You play chess?
If you're worried about anything, let's take that blood test of yours.
Maybe we shouldn't make it.
Then we'll never make it.
Maybe we shouldn't.
Maybe we should try and fix the radio... try and get some help.
Neither will we.
The fire's got the temperature way up all over camp... won't last long though.
Not the only one.
What do you mean "you think so?"
I think so.
Smart S.O.B.  He put it together piece by piece.
Spaceship of some kind.
We'll see.  Let's try Clark.
Load of bullshit.
Now Copper, you tie Palmer up.
We should have jumped his ass.
Then kill me.
Then I'll have to kill you.
You ain't tying me up.
For your health.
What for?
Palmer, you and Copper tie everyone down.  Real tight.
We ain't buying that.
... Ever occur to the jury that anybody could have gotten to some of my clothes and stuck them up...
You been made, MacReady.
What clothes?
We found your clothes -- the ones you tried to burn.
You're a dead man, MacReady -- or a dead whatever the hell you are!
What are you doing?
... Where is everybody?!  I'm half frostbit!
... Nothing human could have made it back here in this weather without a guideline...
Cut the bullshit... Okay, Sanchez, you come with us.  Norris... you stay here...  Any of them move -- you fry 'em. And if you hear anything, anything at all you let loose the siren.  We all meet back here in twenty minutes regardless.  And everybody watch whoever you're with.  Real close.
Well, who says I want you going with me?!
Gee, thanks!
Oh, shit!  Well, hang on!
Garry's missing!
What?
MacReady!
We got morphine, don't we.
What do we do about those three?
He's gone already!  Do it!
But...
Torch them!!
How the fuck do I know?!
What we going to do?!
Probably the next meal.
Where's the other half?
That's good enough.
I can get maybe another five or six feet out of it.
You buy any of this, Blair?
I don't know how.  Because he's different than we are.  Because he's a space guy.  What do you want from me, anyway.  Go ask Blair.
Now how's this motherfucker wake up after thousands of years in the ice, huh?
Yeah, they dig him up and cart him back.  He gets thawed out, wakes up and scares the shit out of them. And they get into one hell of a brawl...
I just can't believe this voodoo bullshit.  You believe this voodoo bullshit, Blair?
... So it crashes, and this guy, whoever he is, gets thrown out, or walks out, and ends up freezing.
Well, go on.
Look, I'm just guessing...
MacReady!
Screw the dogs!!  Torch it!!
The dogs?
Torch it over there!
Childs, you got the torch?  You get your ass in here!!
What's happening?
Didn't think you'd use that fibrillator on Norris if you were one of them.
Thank you.
I guess you're okay.
Damn you, MacReady!
And if anyone tries to wake me...
Enough, MacReady!
I'm a real light sleeper, Childs...
Now hold him.
I think so.
Would that test have worked?
I guess I'm the only one.
Well, who's got access to it?
It's getting late.  Hurry it.  I'm going to check the last few rooms.
Could be important work.  Might as well bring it back.
What are you doing?
All in Norwegian.
Anything?
They're not Swedish, goddamn it, they're Norwegian, MacRe --
Hey, Sweden!!!
Come on, Copper.
My God, what in hell happened here?
So, I don't want to end up crawling around with them when we go down.
Screw regulations!  Four guys could be crawling around on their bellies out there!
Well, get to it.
A couple of hours.
How long will it take you to prepare this?
And if it got to Clark... Clark could have gotten to anybody.
Hold on, damn it.  We're getting nowhere... If this bit of Blair's about absorbing and imitating is true... then that dog could have gotten to anybody.
Could be anything... Men in isolation... some beef that snowballed... got out of hand...
Goes on like that quite awhile.  What do you gentlemen make of it?
Bennings?
In this weather?
Yes, there is.  I'd like to go up.
Nothing we can do about that.
... Guys as crazy as that could have done a lot of damage to their own before they got to us.
After all this mess.
After all this mess then.
Let's just not get worried about anything just now.
I'm getting worried about you.  You ought to have a checkup.
A day or so ago... I guess.
When was the last time you used it?
I don't see how... when I'm finished I return it right away.
A serum test possibly.
Can there be... some kind of test? To find out who's what?
What's that?
Right.  Why not?
Started with six.  There'd be four others left.
How many in their party?
That far?
'Bout eighty kilos southwest.
How far's that?
Gotta be from the Norwegian camp.
I'll put this right through your head.
No.
Put that down!
Well, stick with it.  I want you at it round the clock.  We got to get help in here...
Couple seconds of an Argentine disco station.
Well, stick to it.
We're a thousand miles from anybody else, man.  It's going to get a hell of a lot worse before it gets better.
You reach anybody yet?
Hey, man...!
Little over two hours.
How long's it been?
One thousand volts.  Should be enough.
Looks good.
Thought you'd feel that way, Garry. You were the only one who could have gotten to that blood plasma...  ... we'll do you last...
Pure nonsense.  This won't prove a damn thing.
Damn if I won't.
Let's rush him.  He's not going to blow us all up.
Could anyone have gotten it from you?
Ah... no one... I give it to Copper when he needs it...
Palmer, how long would it take you to strap those big four-cylinder carburetors on?
You're not going to catch them in one of those with the start they got.
Get these things out of supply and meet me over by the snowmobiles.
I am going after them.
You're not thinking of going after them, are you?
Extinguishers.
Don't let up, Childs!
We're on fire!
What are you talking?!  He's had two months training in those choppers!
Look, if you're going to keep bitching, MacReady -- Palmer's offered to take him up...
Norris looked pretty dead, himself. Bullets don't kill these Things.
He's dead.
Tie up Clark, too.
I'm sure a lot of you already know.
What kind of test?
I ain't going with Sanchez.
Sanchez, you and Palmer search the inside...
Hope so.  Another ten, fifteen minutes.  What I don't get is...
We going to make it?
Somebody definitely messed with it.
Mac, where the hell is that pump!!
Sanchez...?  Hey, who...
Move it, Palmer.
No it ain't there.  Would I be asking if it were there?
And that was enough?
Copper thinks they swallowed pieces of it during the fight.
How's that Thing get to the dogs?  I though we stopped it in time.
Then get a move on.  Childs, come with me.
Oh, I got you.  Not too long.
Blair.  He's gone berserk.
What's...
What is it out there, anyway? Forty-five knots?
Four!
I'm going to blow the generator when you get back.  He'll have to come for us -- or freeze.
He might just wait us out.
It'll come.  It needs us.  We're the only thing left to imitate...  Give me a hand.
What if it doesn't come?
If he's one of those Things, we've got to get to him before he changes... Nauls, you and Childs and I'll check the outside shacks...
Why?
We've got to find Fuchs.  When we find him -- we kill him.
Screw the flashlights.  Where the hell were you?
Where were the flashlights?
Can you think of any other tests?
How we going to try and find out who's... you know, who's who?
Bet the last place you ever go.
Then we go after him.
Maybe it ain't coming.
Position, my ass...
Calm down and get in your position.
Got Sanchez... World War Three wouldn't mess with this fucker... Can go through walls... And it's like all over the place...
Screw the generator!!
The generator!
Get back!!
Chance we got to take.  We got to force him to come down the east side to the door we got rigged.
You crazy?  He might be inside already?
You and Nauls got to block off the west side bunks, the mess hall and the kitchen.
Forget about Childs.  He's over.
What about Childs?
Anyplace but here.
Where was he trying to go?
Everything that's been missing.
What is it?
Watching Norris in there... gave me the idea that maybe every part of you bastards is a whole.  Every piece of you is self-sufficient, an animal unto itself.  When a man bleeds it's just tissue.  But blood from one of you Things won't obey. It's a newly formed individual with a built-in desire to protect its own life.  When attacked, your blood will try and survive -- and crawl away from a hot needle say.
What are you going to do?  Drink it?
We're going to draw a little bit of everybody's blood.
Bullshit!  He's got to know damn well I cut it!
... Hey, somebody!  Open up, it's me, MacReady...  ... Come on, damn it... The towline snapped.  Been crawling around like a seal out here...
Couldn't be possible.  Must have weighted a ton and a half...
This storm do that?
Just keep looking.
That thing's too smart to be hiding any more of its clothes, MacReady.
Well, let's get down there.
It's the generator I think!  No power.
Yeah!
MacReady, that you?
What's happened?!
Right.  Half of us awake at all times.
We should sleep in shifts.
Who else could have used that key?
Somebody else sure as hell thought so.
No chance it could have been some new kind of test craft?
You know damn well what we both make of it.
So what do you make of it?
Magnesium of some type... or some kind of strange alloy.  And those poor dumb bastards had to go and blow the hell out of it.
What for?
Get your gear on.
We got any more of those electronic chess things down in supply?
You jerking off or just pissed?
Can't hear you.
It's in between us and them!!  How we going to get back?!
What?!
It's got into the pub!  It's turned on the stereo!
Hear what?
You hear that?
When do you think it got to him?
He's one of them.
MacReady...?
... Made sure I got ahead of him on the towline on the way back... cut him loose.
But there's nothing here.
Yes.  Just about here.
Around here.
This is it?
... Well, you wanted to see it.
I'll be all right... You go back to the village and light the fire.  So we can find our way home.
But you're only a mud carrier.
Please, just listen to me... Your mother would be very cross with me if you got hurt.  I'll find her.
No...
I think we should go on by ourselves.
He came back screaming... He never talked about it after that.  I don't think he even got this far.
What happened?
I had a friend who came here once. Sort of a dare.
About the voice in the darkness. About the ghosts...
What kind of stories?
No one ever comes here.  My mother told me stories about it late at night.  They tell all the children.
I shouldn't have mentioned it.  We can't go there.
You have books?!  Kalen, you've got to take me there.  There might be history.  Records.  Something to help us find where the Morlocks took --
The Hall of Books.
Where?
There's a place that might help... we could try going there.
We're not supposed to think about it.  But I dream about it sometimes...
Kalen... Do you have any idea where they take them?
What else can they do?
How can they just go back to work as if nothing happened?
I'm so sorry, Kalen.
She didn't want me to be a climber. She wanted me to be a planner like her.
Exactly like you.  Well, maybe not as healthy.
And everyone looks like us?
... Thousands and thousands of people.  And sometimes we live in great buildings that reach up five or ten stories.
'Fraid so.  Just a regular old... mud carrier.
Don't tell me you're a mud carrier.
Ah... no.
I'm training to be a high climber.
On the towers?
What do you do on the towers?
I figured that.  What kind of accident?
I had an accident.
Now how did you get hurt?
The journey is part of my work.
It must have been hard, leaving your work.
I will...
I should hope not...  ... Alexander... Make them read my books.  Tell them who they are. Who they could be.
I'll never forget this.
Now get out of my sight, you hideous primate.
I'm going to end it, Alexander.  As we discussed...
I don't understand.
Go back to the light.  You weren't made for this.  I was... I was made for this moment.
I won't leave you like this.
I'm babbling.  Good to have someone to talk to for a change... But you need to go.  Take her out of here...  ... I don't have long.
Vox...
Nothing to do, I'm afraid.  I'm just a librarian after all.  Wasn't exactly made for all this swashbuckling.  Very Byronic end, though.  I appreciate that.  Do you know Byron?
What can I do?  Tell me what to do.
Takes a licking but keeps on ticking...  ... For a while anyway.
Imagine that... seems that little devil got my power relays...
Vox --
This has to end.
End...?
This has to end.
How are your dreams now?
No...
They raise them like cattle... Feed them until they're ready and then hunt them.
Trust me... You don't want to see any more.
What do you mean?
Alexander... Listen to me, it was wrong to bring you.  You're not going to find what you're looking for.
The Morlocks didn't build this.
Why did they built it?
The air... the power.
What's it all for?
This way.
Vox?
Do you know which way?
Yes.
Machines?
Yes... Thank you.
In for a penny, in for a pound.  Do you know that saying?
Yes.  But you've done enough. Thank you for your help... I hope someday people read your books again.
Yes... Are you sure you want to do this?
This is the way in?
It's what they want you to see.
Oh, shut up.
Aren't you a plucky little -- ?
Yes.
So, do we go on?
It was meant to.
Yes...
It frightens you.
My God... I saw this.
Kalen... hold on a minute.
Send him home.  You don't want him to see it.
What?
Send him away.
Last night.
When was his mother taken?
I'm used to that.
And if the truth is so horrible that it will haunt your dreams for all time?
Yes.
So, Relic, you want to open Pandora's box, do you?  See all the mysteries exposed?
You'll live like this forever. Alone.  You were meant to help.  To be with people.  Not like this.
Excuse me?
Because you'll never die.
Why should I help you?  You primates -- you great, lumbering, hairy animals, drenched in blood from the moment of your hideous conception -- what have you ever used knowledge for but destruction and bloodshed!  A little bit of learning and you lay waste to the world!  You're no better than the Morlocks!
We need your help.
Can you show us where they live?
Regenerating fission reactor, you wouldn't understand.  It's power is well beyond your neanderthal cranial capacity.
How have you survived so long?
I was lucky.  The others weren't.
But you escaped.
Oh yes... They found our knowledge useful for a time.  They used us much as your people did.  Then they decided they had learned enough so they tore us up for spare parts.
Do you know where they live?
Who doesn't know the Morlocks?
You know of them?
Morlocks --
Please, we need your help.  The Morlocks have taken --
I am called Vox...  ... Now you are Eloi.
Sir... have you a name?
An "automaton"?!  Please!  I'm a biomechanical organism.  Well, what's left of one.  What's left of all of them, actually.  I am the last...  ... And "these fragments I have shored against my ruins."  T.S. Eliot.  You wouldn't know him yet but you'll just love him, he's divine, if a little dour.  Very shy though... hiding over here...
I know you -- you're an automaton of some sort that --
I'm the librarian.  I've always been the librarian.
What are you?
I must say, you look remarkably good.  You don't want a book then?
1899.
I can smell carcinogens and industrial pollutants on your skin that have not been known here for --  -- 800,000 years perhaps.  Don't keep me in suspense.  What year?
How did you know?!
Right up your alley, I would think. You are from the past, yes?
Because...
And why not?
I don't think that's going to happen.
But you've earned a reward for your valor.  I think you should become. You'll like it here.  Once you get used to the darkness.
Oh, you won't be running for long...
I'm tired of running.
Does this prove something to you? Have you made some great stand of which I'm unaware?
I know.
I could have a hundred Morlocks here in thirty seconds.
I'm a foolish man.
That was a foolish thing to do.
It's always the tiger for you, Alexander, haven't you learned that by now?...
No...
If I can only find the right door... the lady or the tiger...
No...
Now will you go?
After all you've seen... after man's entire journey... you still believe that?
A man can change his history.
She won't remember you.  None of them will.  You will be forgotten. That is how history works.
Yes.  Initiative and daring are not desirable traits in the Eloi.  But you should be happy for her.  She won't remember the creature she was.  She will... become.
You took her because she helped me.
When a creature shows too much independent thought we remove them from the gene pool.  We're breeding them for submission.  Soon they will be fully domesticated.
So you take their best...
We have lost the capacity to reproduce.  But the species must continue.
Why?
I could tell them.  Warm them of what's to come.
Alexander, yours is a world of brocade and velvet, not tooth and claw.  Why would you come back to this?  To save a few cattle?  No.
Say I just come back again?
Because the past is immutable. Frozen.  Dead... And you are the past.
Why would you let me go back?
Go back to where you came from.  Or die here.
What?
It can't all be like this...
And who are you, Alexander?  Who are you to question thousands of years of evolution?  This is the world now.  I am fact.
But this is barbaric!  Have you completely lost all sense of --
I'm afraid your indignation is lost here.  I have no more "human" response to the Eloi then you would have to a carrot.  It's just how we live now.
No... they didn't survive only to be your food.  You did that.
They survived above.  Became what they are.
And what of the Eloi?
As our bodies atrophied our minds... compensated.
How?
We make them see what we wish.
How do you control the Morlocks?
And centuries later when we tried to emerge into the sun again, we couldn't.  Our adaptation was too successful.  We survived... we endured... for this.
To work the machines and build the tunnels.  You can't imagine what it was like when it all started.  We survived for millennia, scraping the lichen and microscopic organisms from the rock with our teeth and digging for water with our nails.  Endlessly.  For generations.  And we... became.
As slaves.
You wouldn't understand.  We genetically engineered the Morlock class to serve our needs.
Created?
No, we created the Morlocks.
You came underground when the world was ending above.  And you evolved. Some into the Morlocks and others --
Well, Alexander, as a fellow scientist I know you have a thousand questions --
Alexander.
What's your name?
You have my word...  ... She's just a beauty.
Next time then.  We perambulate here most every night.
Ahhh... I'm afraid I've got a prior commitment.
Well, much obliged -- I'm always forgetting the confounded brake -- say, if you wait until I get her up and running I'll give you a perambulation.  Tell you all about her.
I just love mechanical things.
God -- could have killed me -- bad girl, Nell!  How did you know to do that?
There's a cantilevered gasket on the --
How do you keep the water temperature stable?
Now that's what I call plain crazy -- internal combustion is just too dangerous, all those little explosions, never catch on.
I've only read about them -- and the new internals.
Thanks.  Old Nell's my girl all right.  Al least when she decides to move, stubborn beast.
It's spectacular...
I was getting to that... The moon has reached the gravitational Roche Limit, 7,300 miles above the surface of the Earth.  This has created pressure on the lunar stratum beyond gravitational tolerances.  It might be helpful to know that the nearest public evacuation shelters can be found at Grand Central Station, Madison Square Garden --
Why is it -- breaking up?
Well, considering it is, in fact, happening, I would assume it's possible.  The retrograde orbit began in 2005 when the demolitions for the lunar colonies --
No -- wait -- the moon's falling out of orbit -- that's not possible!
The 2005 terraforming demolitions for the lunar excavations sent the moon into a diminishing retrograde orbit resulting in global gravitational fluctuations, increased seismic activity and tidal anomalies.  Can I tell you more?
What's happening to the moon?!
I am the Fifth Avenue Public Library informational kiosk.  VOX registration NY-114.  May I help you?
I -- what are you?!
May I help you?
I have something for you...
Let them.
Let them.
Alex... people are staring.
It's only a machine.
Now I know you're ill -- passing up the chance to explore some new gadget.
I've seen it.
Heavens, look at that now!
So it's astronomy now, is it?
The sailor's omen of good fortune. The hunter watching over him on his travels.
They are rare...  ... Orion's belt, pointing to the earth --
Not like this.  Never like this. Emma, I swear to you -- if I've learned one thing, it's that moments like this are rare.  And I will thank God for them every moment of every day.
We took a walk three days ago.
No, I'm fine.  I'm...  ... wonderful.  Just walking down the street with you again.
You're so pale... I hope you're not coming down with something.
Alex, it's just the zoo.
My God...
I want to get into the light, that's all.  Please...
Why do we have to race for heaven's sake?!
Shhh.  Let's just hurry on here. We don't have to talk, all right?
Alex...?!
Nothing -- let's just get out of the park.
Alex, what is it?
All right...
No... let's walk through the city.
Let's walk through the park...
Not here... alone.  Please.
All right...
I need... to talk to you.
Darling.
Holding you... again.
Alex, what is it?
Trust me...
You know I can't.
Dance with me...
Got here as soon as I could.
You're late.
Your birth stone.  I thought --
A moonstone.
I know it's not a diamond but --
Hold on... I know I have it...
You know, the moment is rather dying here.
And what do you propose, Professor? Shall we hold a seminar to study the problem?
Oh dammit, I love you!  I can't eat, I can't sleep, I can't think, all I do is moon over you and -- hum, apparently.
You're getting warmer.
I mean... well... affection.
Admiration?  My my.
Emma, you know I have great... admiration for you.
All right, what is it now?
What?  Yes -- Orion -- good fortune -- sailors.
... Orion's belt, pointing to the earth.  You see it over the rocks there?  Sailors consider that an omen of good fortune; the hunter watching over them on their travels... Are you listening to me, Alex?
Not here... alone.  May we? Please?
Talk away, Professor.
I need to... um... talk to you.
Well there's something new.
Sorry... I was distracted.
You promised me flowers tonight, don't you even remember?
What?
You promised me flowers.
Trust me...
You know I can't.
Dance with me...
Got here as soon as I could.
You're late.
His home.
This... was my home.
I'm glad.
And this would be my study.  There was an elm tree outside the window then.
Good night, Alex.
Good night, David.
In a week... we will never have had this conversation.
All right.  I'll come for dinner. And in the meantime... you'll think about what we discussed?
I pray to God that in a week you're not here.
You won't say that in a week.
You're dying here.  Don't you see that?!
That's absurd --
There are trains leaving Grand Central every then minutes.  A dozen liners leaving the harbor. Get on one of them.  Go to Singapore, Scotland, Manchuria, anywhere, just away from here --
I can't leave when I'm so close.
When's the last time you were outside this house --  -- or this room?
I can't do that --
Why don't you come to our house instead?
I'll tell you what... come by for dinner in a week and I'll show you.
I would.
You wouldn't believe me.
What is it?
David... I appreciate your concern, I do.  But I ask you to have faith in me.  Just for a little while longer.  I'm working on something now.  Something... extraordinary.
That's where you're wrong.  I will change it.
Alex, nothing will ever change what happened, but --
Do you find her?
Wasn't it?... I have a dream almost every night now.  The Lady and the Tiger, you remember that story?  In the dream I'm alone in a huge chamber with a thousand doors. Behind every door, save one, is a tiger.  I have to make the decision.  Which door conceals Emma?  And I just stand there... looking at the doors...
It wasn't your fault, Alex.
You don't know that.  You couldn't possibly.  If I'd only done this, or that, if I'd arrived ten minutes earlier, or later.  If we'd taken a different path or I hadn't fought the man for the ring.  You have no idea what it is to relive every moment of that night -- consider every action you made -- and every one of them wrong.
I know that --
I live with it every minute of every day.
What happened to Emma will never go away.  It's part of you now and it always will be.  But you have to learn to live with it...
I care more about my life.  And yours.
That's because I'm working.  You remember that?  You used to care about your work.
You know that's what it is.  Mrs. Watchit tells me you're here at all hours -- day and night --
Hiding?
But you won't listen.  You won't see me, you won't see anyone.  What would you like me to tell Jamie? That Uncle Alex is busy?  That Uncle Alex is hiding up there in his laboratory --
You care for me.  And you're concerned.  And I have to start living my life again.  I hear it from Mrs. Watchit every day.
There are some things I need to say to you.  You may not like hearing them, but I don't know if I'll ever get another chance --
For God's Sake, David --
It's my Jamie's birthday today. Your godson.  He's nine years old. At his party he asked me if Uncle Alex was coming.  I told him no. Then he asked me if you didn't like him anymore.
Then why are you here?
It hurt me, Alex.  Very much.
I'm sorry, David.
I came by the house every day after the funeral.  And then every week. Then every other month.  Then I stopped coming.  Did you even notice?
I've been working.
Perseverance.
All these clocks -- how can you constantly be running late?!
She's gotten into your equations.
Oh?
Alex, really... good luck tonight. She's a fine girl, and she's done wonderful things for you.
No, I'm all bowler hat, remember?
Do you have a romantic bone in your body?
She made the best Shepherd's pie I ever tasted.
That's how I knew we were destined to be together.  When I met her parents for the first time I came right from class and I was covered in chalk.  They sniffed and snorted, but she just smiled.  At that moment -- I just knew.  How did you know with Molly?
The most able inventor I know and you can't tie a simple four-in- hand.
How romantic...
Emma actually likes chalk dust -- says it smells like me.
Nothing.
What?
In the future, we'll be better.
But shouldn't it be better? Shouldn't we be teaching our students to imagine a world beyond all this?
You may not like it, but this is the world we live in, Alex.  Little grey men with little grey hats.
I don't.  I want them to run along this street and knock off every bowler they see.
I want my students to emerge with theoretical and practical knowledge.
Look at them, Philby, all alike, everyone in an identical bowler hat.  Do you want your students to turn out like them?
You sound like my father...
Alex, this is your first year as an associate professor.  You might want to play things a little more conservatively.
Where's the challenge in that?
You know generally teachers are supposed to teach real equations that add up to real numbers.
... One day he'll be discovered by some future archeologists and they won't know what to make of him. The thick brow, so lacking in imagination.  The dim little eyes, devoid of curiosity.
God, and I'm running late --
Tonight's the night?
Damned if I can keep her out of my equations.
Somewhere around "D+2xy something something."
I was not.
Do you know you were humming?
... The point is I know it will work once the, um, numbers and such are in order.
All right, all right -- here -- everything --
Did you hear me, lad?
I don't understand.
And your jewelry too.  I guess we could consider this your first little bump on the road to married bliss.
Sir...?
I hope it's a happy journey for you both -- and much as I hate to do this, moved as I am by your protestations of love, I'll be needing your money now.
Thank you...
Couldn't help but overhearing.  Two fine young people starting out on the road of life.  I wish you the very best.
My laboratory was about... here. And the kitchen was over there, where that tree is.  Mrs. Watchit wouldn't allow me in much... but, yes, this is about the kitchen.
It was different then.
Kalen -- we have to get Kalen -- !
Mara -- what -- ?!
No!
Mara...?
Kalen...
Please, I beg you.  Take him away from here --
Mara --
Alexander, take my son away.  Take him back to your time.  Will you do that?
I could...
Go back to your own time?
Yes... I suppose so.
So you can use it now?
Yes... a little scorching on the upholstery but otherwise all ship- shape.
It's undamaged?
Good -- it looks fine.  We had quite a ride together...
I know what it is to lose someone. When my husband was taken from us... I thought the pain would never end.
You've welcomed me into your home. Into your lives.  Everyone has... For the first time in a long time it doesn't hurt quite so much.  I thank you for that.
If you only knew...
Is it?
Yes... After her death, it was intolerable for me here... The future had to be better.
Someone you loved very much.
Yes.
You lost someone.
This is where my journey started... right here.
Over there was Fifth Avenue -- and the Plaza Hotel was there... this is... the carriage path.  We're on the carriage path.
You know this?
Those rocks, over there... they're the same... this is... Central Park.
Orion's belt...
Alexander...?
Looking back... I suppose it was. I didn't quite realize it at the time but...
It sounds like a wonderful place to live.
Oh, it was...  ... Most of the time.
It must have been safe.
Only to keep warm.  For illumination we had gaslights on most of the streets and a new invention called electrical lighting that made it seem like daylight all through the night.
Did you have fires at night?
Oh very.  Learning, commerce, the arts -- the whole place was buzzing all the time.  Night and day.
Learning was important?
Oh, very much...  ... I used to work somewhere in that direction, I think.  A huge university where we taught everything from botany to history to literature.
You liked it there.
... It was a great city.  The greatest city in the world.
I try to imagine how they'll look when they're done.  I try to imagine how we'll fit in with them... our place in the world.
How do you decide?
I'm a planner.  I help decide where the new towers go and what they should look like.
What are you?
And there's no shame to that.  It's all the same here.  Everyone has an important job to do.  We all work together and couldn't survive without each other.
Or mud carriers.
It's always been this way here.  We work on the towers all our lives. When we're young we train to be planners or climbers or sculptors...
Most things.  We're very high on purpose.
It has no purpose.  It's just beautiful... Does everything have a purpose where you come from?
I mean, why do you do it?  What purpose does it serve?
I don't understand.
What's it all for?
It's not supposed to be easy, it's supposed to be beautiful.
What you need is an engineer.  If you set up a system of pulleys and counterweights, some basic block and tackle mechanism, you could to this a lot more easily.
Want to be a high climber now, do you?
I can see Kalen's point.
The mud carriers.
Yes.
And this is your "work"?
Thank you.
This is magnificent...
We share everything.
You share dreams?  That's incredible.
Every night.
All of you?
We all have that dream.
Yes!
And you saw a shape ahead of you...
Yes.
Then you came to a desert and mountains...
Mara, I had a strange dream last night.  I was here, walking through a forest very much like this, and then...
Good night.
Good night, then.
Not like this... They don't seem so bright with all the city lights.  I never really noticed them much...
Don't then have stars where you come from?
You can see so many here.
You seem fascinated by the stars.
Thank you...
I'll take you to your machine tomorrow.
I will...
I'm going to sit with Kalen.  Keep the fire burning if you can.
Just a dream.  You should sleep too.  You're still not well.
Is he all right?
For a time it was astounding.  I saw the years spinning by, I was in the years spinning by.  We made such advances.  I don't understand half of them.  There was a machine that talked to me and others that flew through the sky... We must have been incredible thinkers and artists --
I'll take you tomorrow... You must have seen a lot on your journey.
Yes.  Or forward into the future. I suppose I really should check on the machine, see that it hasn't been damaged...
I might find the truth rather hard to understand?... Can you go back?
Why would you do that?
Why not?
Why?
More than 800,000 years.
How long ago?
Allowed me to travel from my time to yours.
That machine --
I know it's hard to believe, but it's true.
Oh, that explains everything.
Then you can speak slowly.
You might find the truth rather hard to understand.
We don't have anything like this. Or the machine where Kalen found you.  And I doubt they do beyond the valley... Now where do you come from?
What makes you say that?
You're not from beyond the valley.
It's hard for me to imagine a better place.  Where I come from there's so much... frenzy.  Day and night.  It seems we're all running faster and faster...  ... All in identical bowler hats.
He's gone to a better place.
Your husband is dead?
Kalen will tire you out if you let him.  He's always been curious. His father was firm with him but... it's just his way.
Mm.
His curiosity is amazing.
Some.  But I mean we aren't all so... handsome.
Is there a lot of illness?
Thank you.
Yes.
Well it seems like a long time -- but it wasn't really.  It's rather hard to explain.
How long did you travel?
Yes...
You're up!  You must be feeling better --
That'll be all.
May I get you some --
All right, Mrs. Watchit.  You can go.
Tell him to go away --
Yes, sir, he --
Here?
Sir, Mr. Philby is here.
Ouch -- all right, wish me luck.
Oh, I'm already swooning.
Then if Emma turns me down will you marry me?
Now that's more like it.  You look a proper gentlemen for once.
What's the matter with -- ?  -- What would I do without you, Mrs. Watchit?
I have it, but don't you think for one moment I'll be letting you go out in that filthy coat -- now go upstairs and change.  I've laid out your green coat.
Don't torture me -- do you have it?
Hello, Mr. Philby.
Do you have it?!
Oh huzzah, the master's home.
Very good.  Now if you will excuse us for a moment.
Yes, sir.
Because it's a new way of seeing the world!  Of seeing our place in it!
Abstract mathematics, relativity of dimensions, geometrical "durations" -- even allowing for the uses of speculation, what is the point?
My equations are not parlor-tricks!
The advances you speak of were the result of countless years of study and empirical experimentation, a careful evolutionary process, not chalkboard parlor-tricks.
With respect, sir, would we have the telegraph without fantasy? Would we have radium and X-rays without someone first dreaming we could?
Sir --
Animal husbandry is science, Dr. Hartdegen.  I have been breeding these fowl for fourteen years.  I have filled a library with information on their feeding patterns, social behavior and breeding.  Empirical, exacting, quantifiable records.
No, sir --
No, Dr. Hartdegen, they are not just chickens and roosters.  They are science.  Perhaps they aren't "inspiring" to you.  Perhaps they don't "challenge" you --
And roosters.
Do they?
Sir, that curriculum is forty years out of date.  The students today are looking toward the new century -- they want to be challenged and inspired, not spoon-fed dusty old equations that have been proved a thousand times.  They want to explore.
Because the assigned curriculum is boring.
Might I ask why?
Well... perhaps I have "deviated" the tiniest bit.
But I know that none of my faculty would ever deviate from the assigned curriculum.
Imagine that.
Well, just as I thought.  Surely it's all been a terrible mistake. This parent actually suggested that your freshman course in applied mathematics has somehow become a seminar on theoretical physics!
Exactly correct, sir.
As I recall the syllabus the name of your tutorial is "Applied Mathematics and Engineering", am I correct?
I see.
Dr. Philby, Dr. Hartdegen.  I received the most extraordinary letter last week.  From a parent. We are always pleased to receive letters from parents.  They are our employers, after all.  This gentleman's son is in your class, Dr. Hartdegen.
We can't change the day and the night, Alexander.  This is the world.
You won't even try?
We are what we are.
Then it's time to change that --
This is out life, Alexander.  It's a hard life but it is how we have always lived.
My God!  How can you just do nothing!?  They're your friends, your family.  You all knew Mara. You ate with her and worked with her... Your work in the valley, what is that for if not to --
We choose to believe it.
You know that's not true.
They've gone to a better place.
What do you mean?!
Alexander, I know you're trying to help.  But they don't come back.
We have to go after them, find where -- !
We don't know.
Where do they take them?!
I suppose so.
Good morning, Alexander.  Feeling up to some work?
Of course.  You're just tired. Mara, will you look after Alexander tonight?
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...
My father has gone to a better place.
No, I mean someone considerably older.  Your father perhaps?
I am the oldest.
Yes.  I hope you won't take this the wrong way but is there someone older I could talk to?  An elder or patriarch of some kind?
New Yorkers.
To live in.  There's a lot of us... beyond the valley.
Why?
Oh, very different.  But not entirely... I mean we have lots of, um, trees and such.  But not everywhere.  And more roads.  And buildings.
I took a different route.
He said he traveled for two months.
No...
We had another visitor from beyond the valley about four years ago. His name was Moren.  Do you know him?
New Yorkers.
Well, I guess you'd call us... New Yorkers.
What are your people called?
"Eloi"?
Well, we're happy you're here. Come inside.
I did...
And hungry, I'd say.  You had such a long journey.
Now you are upsetting my fowl. Please go.
Yes, sir.
You supported his application, Dr. Philby.  You are his senior, advisor.  I depend upon you to restrain his... excesses.  Any repetition of the behavior I witnessed in his classroom today and there will be consequences for you both.
If I might explain, sir --
Young man, we have a way of doing things here.  Radical theorizing is not acceptable.  Have I made myself understood?
Sir, if I may --
Dean Fulton...
My fowl have polluted the yard.
Kalen, look at me.  There's no one here but us.  You see... I'm here, you're here, Alexander's here. There are no Morlocks.  It was just a dream...
They're inside --
No, you're safe --
They're here!  They're inside the house -- !
Kalen, it's all right, I'm here --
You'll tell me more tomorrow?
Kalen, right now you need to go up to bed.  You're exhausting Alexander.
I want to see your home.  Will you take me?
I am.  Are you a climber?
We'll see about that.
What's it like where you come from?
What did you do at night?
That's quite enough, Kalen.
I found you.  I saved your life. You were bleeding all over the place!
Kalen...
How did you get hurt?
Goodnight, Mr. Philby.
I have no doubt of that.  I'll come by in the morning and we'll arrange it.  Goodnight, Mrs. Watchit.
I think I might be.  But there'll be some changes made.  I run a tight house.
I'm glad he's gone.  Maybe he's finally found a place where he can be happy.
Sir?
No, sir.
And you've no idea where he went?
I don't know what to tell you, sir. He's been gone this whole week.
For our sake, I hope not.
I wonder if that poor girl has any idea what she's in for?
Must be all the exercise I get scampering up and down these stairs like a wee lamb.
Hello, Mrs. Watchit.  You're looking in the pink.
Well, what are we gonna do about it now?
We never should have done this to him...
Don't get all worked up, Justin. I expected some common sense on your part and clearly I was expecting too much. [Beat] Just open the drawer.
But the Jacket? I mean...should we be leaving him in like that?
Should we be what? Trying to change him any way we can? [Beat] Yes.
Should we be...
What about Starks?
But... what about Starks?
Then don't.
[Beat] Listen, I hate to bother you...
I'm fine.
You ok?
No. [Beat] You put me on drugs and then you put me in the Jacket.
I didn't put you in Alpine Grove.
I'm in it as we speak. [Beat] You're haunting yourself right now. [Beat] I guess sometimes we indict ourselves if no one else does. You didn't make history like you wanted to, huh, Dr. Becker. It turned out different, didn't it?
I don't understand...
You just told me. The last time I was with you was when I was in the Jacket. I'm in it right now, Dr. Becker.
How did you come to know their names?
No, we were patients.
The three of you weren't regular patients. You were criminals that ended up at Alpine Grove.
So, what, you guinea pig sick people to find out?
It was part of the treatment I intended...I didn't know what the effects would be...
Medication? What kind of meds do you chase with nights in a cadaver drawer?
Of people like you. People I was just trying to help. They couldn't get worse so I thought, with medication, they might get...
Because...because you came out and said something you couldn't have possibly have known. You came back and repeated three names...
How?
I know. [Beat] I knew that when you came out.
I didn't say I remembered killing him. I just repeated some words to get myself back in there.
I don't know how you died. The last time I put you in the Jacket was just after you told me you remembered killing that police officer...
I didn't kill myself. I died from a blow to the head. How'd it happen? I have to know.
No. I didn't. I swear I didn't. I probably helped push you to kill yourself, but I didn't do it.
I know. [Beat] You killed me, didn't you?
You died, Starks. Years ago, in the hospital.
How...how are you here?
No. I'm not his son. I'm him. [Beat] What? You look like you've seen a ghost. You can come here and touch me, old man. I'm the real thing.
[Beat] You're his son?
I think you know. Your eyes say you do.
Who are you?
You in here. [Beat] Works like a drug.
Becker, how do you sleep at night?
Means we believe in doing his work and fear what the world would be like if we didn't at least try to.
And what does that mean?
I've managed to every Sunday of my life. [Beat] Some of us are God- fearing men, Starks.
You sure you know where to find one?
I'll say a prayer for you in Church today, Starks. Maybe the Gods can pick up where the medicine left off.
You killed him?
Getting away with things. Like whatever I may or may not have gotten away with Officer Harrison.
Yes.
My business?
And what's that?
Temporarily.
They make it hard for you to get away with your business, huh?
It is. But when it comes down to it, you just have to patient with them. They'd rather have their vacation, too, so they just push dealing with our "practices" off to the New Year.
That's too bad.
Hello, William. I understand you've been asking for me almost every hour. I would've been here sooner but you gave our little state visitor quite a bit to talk to me about.
Sit down, Mr. Starks! Sit down, Mr. Starks!
Long live the Organization for the Organized!
Maybe not. [Beat] But I do think you're in a tree... woofing like a dog. And I'm just trying to help you the only way I can think of.
We are not birds of a feather.
I wasn't pausing to see if you did. [Beat] But, incidentally, you should, because you're birds of a feather.
I don't give a shit about your patient!
I had a patient a few years ago. His name was Ted Casey...
I didn't dream it. I may have been asleep but it wasn't a dream. BECKER sits down in a CHAIR, half-shrouded in the light.
Don't give me that. I know what's real, goddamnit! You strapped me in something and stuck me in a drawer.
You're just suffering from delusions that are unfortunately part of your condition.
[Pointedly] Of course you're not.
Don't act like I don't know what's real. [Beat] I'm not the one that's crazy here.
Relax.
Actually, that's exactly what our equipment is.
That wasn't a fucking restraint.
We were forced to use restrains if that's what you're referring to.
[Uncertainly] In that thing...the Jacket.
In where?
I don't know better. All I know is that you left me in there.
Then how would you describe him, Beth? Merely rebellious?
Are you kidding me? He's not psychotic!
He's recovering on the third floor.
It's not my job to believe you.
[Beat] You don't believe me, do you?
You said you couldn't remember killing Officer Harrison. Correct?
Depends on what you're seeing.
I'm just looking at you. Does that make you uncomfortable?
[Beat] So they say. [Off Becker's steady gaze] What?
Well, your condition's pretty serious.
I never touched your father! I swear!
He died because he bled to death from a blow to his head. Someone had to have given him it.
I don't know what you're talking about, man. I swear. This is some weird shit you're telling me... and I don't know how come you're doing it.
I didn't. [Beat] Did you have anything to do with his death?
I thought you said you never knew your father.
That's too bad.
Look here, I don't like you getting in my face and saying this bullshit to me...
Oh yeah, what'd he say?
My father used to talk about you.
Oh yeah, sure. He killed a cop, right?
Did you know my father?
He didn't either.
That's right! Goddamn, you're the spitting image. I didn't know he had a son.
You may have known my father, William Starks.
Do I know you from somewhere?
Later. I'll tell you about it later. We got a session to catch now.
Where? [Beat] It's Becker isn't it? He's doing stuff, isn't he?
They should just be looking harder.
What should they be looking for?
They don't care about all the things we do right. [Beat] But they might ...they might care about what we're doing wrong. [Beat] That's what they should come here to look for.
It's the ticking of a box on a sheet of paper no one cares about.
Maybe it's not such a waste.
I wish they'd skip the formality of this annual review and just cut our budget. Our silence on the matter should be enough to appease the civic conscience without wasting an hour we don't have.
We're late.
Yes. [Beat] It has. Everything up 'till today is done. Everything starting with tomorrow is up for grabs.
No, it hasn't.
And I can't stay here in my condition. I am going to die tonight. It's already been decided.
I can't take you out of here in your condition...
I need to get this letter to someone.
[Beat] Thank you.
[Beat] What do you need me to do?
This is really happening, isn't it?
Good.
Sure.
You done with your small talk?
I am. One of the few things I remember doing is eating. So I guess I must be exercising it off in my dreams.
You look like you've lost some weight. Are you eating?
Unfortunately, I'm not familiar with Dr. Becker and Dr. Gries passed away three, four years ago.
What about Dr. Becker and Mr. Gries?
Well, Dr. Lorenson is still here at the hospital. If she was here at the time your father was, then I'm sure she'd be of more help to you.
What about Dr. Thomas Becker or Dr. Loel Lorenson? There was also a Dr. Gries, I think.
No, I don't. I'm sorry. I wish I knew more.
His body was found on January 1, 1993, but do you know if that was long after he had died?
I'm sorry I can't tell you more about your father's death, Mr. Starks. Our own medical examiners determined only that he died from a blunt trauma to the head but that was right around the time the Alpine Grove's staff changed and I'm afraid we didn't have the best record system before then.
Just do it.
Why?
Jackie, go play in the snow.
Oh, yeah.
Mom, this is the guy that drove us home that afternoon we were stuck on the highway. The guy you yelled at for no good reason...
I'm sorry? Your face looks awfully familiar, I just can't quite place it...
Jackie, get in the car. NOW!
Mom, he just fixed our car.
Get your fucking hands off my daughter!
I'm doing fine.
How you doin'?
I fell down. [Beat] But I'm alive.
It's ok. It's ok. Relax. It's just a cut. We can get it fixed. But we need to get you to the hospital now. How'd you get that?
You're bleeding pretty bad there.
I think so.
Ok.
[Beat] You be good to yourself, Jackie.
Ok, I guess.
Good. How's your mom?
I've been ok.
Nowhere. [Beat] I just think I'm gonna be sick.
Then, where are you going?
You gotta stop thinking like that.
112 Orchard Way. [Realizing, in a whisper] You're not coming back, are you?
When we first met, when you were 7, where was the house you lived in with your mother? Do you remember your address?
What?
Ok. Ssh. Rest.
Lorenson's the only one that could let me out of there. I need something to persuade her that I was there. Get me something to take to her.
Because your body can only take so much of what they're putting you through.
What's happening to me? Why am I getting so much weaker?
To the hospital.
Where are we going?
Why are you saying that? [Beat] We don't have long, do we?
If everything hadn't happened the way it has, then I wouldn't be here right now, sitting in a car with you, touching your face.
What? How can you say that? He's the one that put you in that goddamn medieval...Jacket. He's probably the one who killed you.
No, he didn't.
That's all you got from him? That bastard helped take your life away from you.
[Beat] They're at Church. And I bet that's where Becker is.
William, you're not making sense.
They've got lives to be grateful for.
It's Sunday.
Of course he will. [Beat] What day of the week is it?
[Beat] I don't know.
Then why isn't there anyone around?
I don't know. But this isn't a dream. I'm real, and so is where we are.
I don't know. Maybe that's because this whole thing is a dream. How can you have a street with no cars on it?
There're no cars on this street.
What? What are you thinking?
[Beat, lost] No.
They're not.
They're not here.
Yeah. I called the number yesterday to make sure. Thomas Becker, retired M.D.
You're sure?
Here, drink this. I'll get the heat going.
Me, too.
It's not a prison, it's a hospital. There's got to be some way out of there and you've got to find it...
I might not be able to.
You've got to get yourself out of that place. They're going to kill you if you don't.
Of course it makes me mad. It makes me more than mad. Just like remembering the face of the man who killed that officer and knowing nothing more about him. But what's it gonna do for me to find them now? I can't fix everything in three days.
I know. It was perfect. [Beat] Erase my sanity and you erase anything I'll ever say.
What about Captain Medley? He never told them what happened to you over there. His testimony...that coward wanted them to think you were crazy.
They told me Becker's in Shelbourne now. I looked him up and he was listed.
I don't know.
How long do we have?
Because that's the part I believe is true. You probably did help her somehow with the boy and Eugene's name did come up over and over again on the abstracts I pulled.
Why?
Let's see if they have an address for Becker. I also want to figure out more about the kid you helped her with.
Maybe. I don't know. Seems more likely Becker does, but at the very least she knows how I died.
You think Lorenson kills you?
I have no idea.
Me neither. Who was the boy she was talking about, Eugene?
I don't believe a thing she just said.
No. They never figured it out. I did. Most murderers don't stop to help a drunk woman and her little girl on the side of the road. Not without hurting them.
How? Did they figure it out after I died?
I know.
I didn't kill Officer Harrison.
If they don't take me out before then. [As an afterthought] What's the net?
Alpine Grove still exists. I looked it up on the net. We should go there and see if there's still anyone around who might have known what happened to you.
I know.
Then we need to figure out what happened to you. It's the only thing we can do.
Yes.
[Softly] I want to trust you. Should I trust you?
I don't know. [Beat] I thought I was crazy after you left that day. I died. I still think I could be crazy. But then I replayed that night in my head -- the parts of it I could remember -- and it was like...I don't care if I was, or am. I haven't felt that way in a room with someone my whole life. [Beat] And when you left, all I wanted was...
Do you really believe me?
I don't know how you got the cut to your head, but you died bleeding from it.
What?
[Beat] You bled to death.
After I...
But no one knew until after...
It was banned, you know... and it led to an investigation of Dr. Becker's mistreatment of some of his patients. That's when they found out how badly he was drugging his patients...
Yeah.
The Jacket. That's what they call it, right?
Please...
I'll leave. But look at me. Look at my face, Jackie. I'm not lying. I met you and your mother. I told you then that I'd lost my memory. [Beat] There was no one for miles around so I know you know there's no way I could have known that from a pair of dog tags you had lying around.
I'm telling you I don't care what time you think you're in. You're not William Starks. [Beat] I don't believe in many things, but I believe in death. And it doesn't give back what it takes. So whoever you are...I did a nice thing, you've made me regret it enough already, so please, just leave.
No, it's not. [Beat] It's December 25th, 2004.
It's December 25th, 1993 today.
I know what this is...I picked you up when I was drunk and you probably thought I'm just fucked up enough to fall for this. But the thing is I know what I'm doing when I drink. I just usually don't care. Right now, I do though. And I want you out. Now.
I don't know. But he did die. STARKS falters under the news. JACKIE looks around, through her now blurred eyes, like she might find some help in the apartment. She settles for the BOTTLE of VODKA on the table, lowers the iron fork and takes a long heavy drink, then laughs nervously as she looks up.
How'd he die?
No, you didn't. They found William Starks' body dead in the snow.
I gave you my dog tags.
How?
I looked it up.
His body was found New Year's Day, 19...1993. At Alpine...
[Beat] What?
William Starks is dead... [Beat] I've been to his grave.
[Beat] What?
You can't be William Starks. He's dead.
I'm sorry for upsetting you, [beat] but I'm not lying to you.
Stop it! Stop it! JACKIE covers her ears and looks at him, pleading with her eyes. STARKS' eyes plead right back.
Well, you belong in one.
No, I don't have anything to show you. I'm here from a mental hospital.
What? Now you're gonna show me some kind of driver's license?
Jackie, I'm William Starks. I can prove it.
If you don't get out of my house right now, I'll call the police.
[Beat] I know it doesn't make sense. It doesn't even make sense to me.
What'd you do? Snoop all over the place? You had no right. You had no right to go through anything.
William Starks. [Beat] Thanks.
I think I can remember what's on them.
[Beat] In case you get lost, or can't remember who you are.
What for?
Dog tags. [Off her blank look] They've got your name and date of birth for identification.
What're those?
Yeah, I'll hitch a ride or something. [Beat] Let her throw it all up before she gets back behind the wheel.
You're just gonna walk?
Yeah.
Hey, can you reach the gas pedal?
But I like it I guess.
Jackie.
[Beat] What's your name?
Yeah, but I don't know what.
Your mom take anything before this happened?
Our car won't start.
You two ok?
Come on, mom. Don't fall asleep...
I see you've done your homework. [Beat] Alpine Grove's undergone a lot of changes since then. At the time, we didn't have the...resources to help our patients the way we needed to. [Beat] Now, we do. And things are different.
Because Becker resigned after the charges brought against him by State Patient Advocacy Groups.
I still don't either, even after all these years.
I don't understand.
He just said...that I'd shock Eugene and then things would change for him.
How?
It's complicated, but [looking at Starks] in a way, your father let me know how I'd get through to him.
Just a little, when we were looking up information about William's father. How did he help?
Good.
Sure. It's an easy address. A little far out there, but easy enough.
You know how to get there?
You'll figure it out and you'll do good by him.
What are you talking about?
I don't know when it'll happen but soon I think, you'll shock the boy and it'll wake him up.
You did, in the future. You figured it out because a part of you already knows this. That's how it works. [Beat] I'm just telling you something you already know, even if you haven't realized it.
Who told you this?
He's having absence [pronounced "absance"] seizures when he stares off into space like he does. He has them so often that that's why he hasn't learned to speak properly.
Listen to me. That's all I ask.
William, I can't indulge these delusions, even when you're in this state.
No. Listen to me...the kid, Eugene...
I do believe you...
You still don't believe me, do you?
I'm not gonna let that happen.
What for?
Can I get some paper and something to write with.
Who are you kidding, Doc? You or me?
You're going to be ok, William. We just need to get your fever down and we'll be able to hopefully stabilize you.
You have nothing to fear, William.
Who...who kills me?
Yeah.
I did?
You told me this was how it happened.
How...how do you know?
I know. I know it all. Save your strength. I already know everything you're going to say. [Beat] You're in the Jacket right now, aren't you?
NO! They're not my delusions! Look, just leave my business with Becker to me!
I don't know how you know about Eugene, but these ideas are part of your delusions.
Some part of you suspects -- even if you don't know for sure -- that what I'm saying is true.
You told me about him. I saw you and I think you thought I knew something about him. So you told me.
How do you know about Eugene?
William, that is just another facet of my delusions.
Because of the future. I know what's going to happen.
And how do you know that?
I'm about to die unless I do something to stop it.
Why not?
Because I don't have time.
Why don't you help me?
Maybe.
[Beat] Like who? Like MacKenzie maybe?
I didn't see that much of it -- same as now. I only saw it as part of my own life.
What about the world?
No. Not for people like me. [Beat] Not in the places I come from.
The future doesn't look different?
It doesn't look all that different.
Ok fine. Tell me about it. Tell me about the future. 2004. What does it look like?
2004.
Well, what time is it?
[Beat] I've seen a time that's not this time. And I'm only able to see it when I'm in the Jacket.
Come on. Tell me what you do know.
I don't know. [Frustrated] Remember?
This has nothing to do with that.
Then help me understand. You know, you're not alone. A lot of Gulf Vets have begun to experience curious symptoms. What you have might well be a syndrome and, if so, it's not one we know enough about to be treating it this vigorously.
You don't understand.
Listen to me! You don't! The Jacket is my only chance in this place.
No, I do. That's what I'm saying to you.
You have no idea what's going on.
What do you mean?
I'll die either way.
You'll die if you keep smoking those in your condition.
[Beat] We will.
Well... [beat] let me know how your search turns out.
Exactly.
[Beat] Yeah, it is.
It's important for you to know who your father was, isn't it?
Why would we do that?
So maybe Dr. Becker would know. [Beat] But, as I'm sure you know, the statute of limitations has run out for charging the hospital with any liabilities.
My dad wrote some things down before he died.
How do you know about Dr. Becker?
Well, do you think Dr. Becker would have any idea?
I was. But I saw a lot of cuts and a lot of blows. I'm sorry I don't know more about your father's. [Sincerely] I didn't know about everything that went on here.
But Dr. Morgan said you were around when my father was...
[Beat] I don't know.
How'd he get it?
I was working with a boy named Eugene.
What case?
You thought my father was crazy?
At the end, he made me change my mind about a lot of things.
Why?
Yeah, I did. [Beat] He was my most memorable patient.
I never knew my father. Did you?
My God you look exactly like him.
Believe me, I know.
You should be careful. You could be killed if they found you out here.
So it's helping?
No. I don't want it to.
I could try to...make it stop.
Why, what would you do?
No. The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up. Not my mind.
You may never remember at all. [Beat] Your mind's grasp of reality and the real events that have happened to you has been damaged.
That conviction doesn't convince me of anything. Until I know that I did it, I'm not going to accept that I did.
You were convicted of the crime.
You're not crazy.
Because I don't think I'm crazy.
I guess I'd ask you why.
And if I didn't want to come?
I've been here for 11 years. It's my neighborhood. 'Course I'm sure. He's as drugged up as the rest of us...I guess he has to be to put up with all this.
Becker does? Are you sure?
[Shrugging] What if we are? There're crazier things than thinking up fictions for yourself. [Beat] Everyone does it, don't they? Even Becker. That roller coaster car pops more pills than all of Ward 3.
MacKenzie, [beat] what if we are crazy?
Is it true?
Geez, how's that for a fucking "thank you"?
You could still always give Becker an itch. 'Course you might get killed when he goes to scratch it, but seems to me you're saying that's about to happen anyway. [Beat] Just be careful not to walk yourself right into something.
So what am I supposed to do?
'Cause Lorenson's got her claws in it now. When she started getting suspicious about me was when they stopped using it on me. Women!
Why?
It's gonna be sticky.
No. [Beat] I mean I found out while I was in it that my body's gonna be found in four days.
Oh no, you're pretty young. Your body'll be able to handle a lot more of it than you think...
The Jacket.
[Beat] How do you know?
[Gravely] No, I mean in four days, I'm supposed to die.
Mortality's actually a great thing to be familiar with. It means you're sane on some level.
[Cutting in] MacKenzie, listen to me. Listen. I'm going to die.
I know you need one when it's really cold.
Yeah, you were. What you said about them taking me out to the woods...
I wasn't talking about anything.
What were you talking about the other day?
Or just plain stupid. You'd think by the twentieth time, I'd have found an alternative method. Maybe a more effective one, if you know what I mean.
Yeah, well 30 times probably would make you seem crazy.
I tried something like 30 times. There is, as STARKS rightly figures, no suitable response to that.
Don't you go to jail for that?
I tried to kill my wife.
TV. Helps numb [makes a "crazy gesture"] any active mind. [Sticking out a jittery hand] Rudy MacKenzie.
Yeah, guess so. How'd you know?
That's Kingsley. Old bastard hears us, I'm sure. He just doesn't want to bother answering so he makes us think he can't talk. I know. I tried it on my mother for two months once before she fished out my tongue. Literally. [Beat] You're the cop killer, right?
Great, get in. We'll switch off in a bit.
Sure.
Can you drive?
I'm going to Canada but I can let you ride with me up to the border.
Where are you going?
Hey, Mister, you need a ride?
I doubt it. [Beat] I don't think prison's so bad you don't want to remember it...
It's worse than war. It's worse than anywhere you've ever been.
No.
You ever been to jail?
That when you stopped being a nurse?
Yeah, me too. [Softly] Every day for the last ten years.
I'm sorry.
She fucked herself up day after day and then, one day, she fell asleep with a burning cigarette. [Beat] I came home from work and she was gone.
How?
Never knew my father. I grew up with my mother. Actually, I grew up around my mother. She was great though. I mean, the way she was with her friends... She was this woman who had so much life in her, she had to find ways to kill some of it just to be like the rest of us. [Beat] She died young.
Yeah. [Beat] How about you?
I'm sorry.
I guess not. But, as of now, I never knew either.
So you never knew your mother?
They told me I joined the army when I was seventeen. That's when my father died and, before that, it was apparently just me and him since I was born 'cause my mom split.
May be easy to remember, but not easy to get. Being warm, maybe -- but, look, you don't even have a coat and I still have to chop wood to make a fire. [Beat] And, being happy...you tell me if that's simple.
But hey, who can forget those words? The man just wants simple and good things for his woman -- that she be warm and happy. How hard can that be to remember?
You remember it?
This is a great song.
Maybe. [Beat] Maybe not.
You don't think that's crazy?
[Beat] Real is overrated.
[Beat] Why?
Well, good for you.
I don't know, but I think part of it's...
Shit happens, and your life changes. 'Bout the best explanation of a lot of things that happen. [Beat] So how come you don't know where you're coming from?
[Beat] Why'd you stop?
Have you always been a waitress?
[Beat] I do it.
You like it?
Yup. That's me.
So you're a waitress, right? I mean...from the uniform you were wearing.
Thanks.
This is pretty good. Considering...
Sure.
You want a drink?
No, it's fine. [Beat, swallow] Thanks.
I only lit it because it was so cold in here. I'm sorry if...
The best I could do with what was in your fridge.
What's this?
You know what? It's Christmas Eve. And you look clean -- I mean, you're normal-looking. [Resolutely, for her own benefit] It's Christmas Eve, and I have a couch.
[Beat] Yeah, I'm fine.
No, I'm ok.
No, you won't. You'll die of cold out there and then I'll have to feel guilty. And I've already got more guilt than I know what to do with. [Beat] Do you want something to drink?
I'll manage.
Where are you going? You'll freeze out there. You don't even have a coat.
Nothing. [Getting up] Thanks for bringing me this far.
Great. That was our last option. What am I going to do with you?
No. [Beat] Not around here.
Well, don't you somewhere? Stuff? Belongings?
No.
Do you have a motel or something? Money?
[Beat] I was dropped off.
Well, how'd you get here?
Well, you definitely didn't pick normal or simple this time either.
Because in my life, it wouldn't make sense for me to pick up some normal guy with a place where he's from and a place where he's going to. It'd be too simple. I probably wouldn't know how to handle a situation like that.
Why "of course"?
Of course you don't know.
I'm not sure. [Beat] I don't really know.
Well, where are you from?
I don't think so.
You don't have anywhere to stay?
I'm not sure.
Let me ask you that again. This time, look around and consider your options.
I'm not sure.
All right. [Beat] You got somewhere you need to go, Mister?
[Beat] Thanks.
In case you hadn't figured, it's Christmas Eve. You're never gonna get a cab here.
Good.
[Beat] I'm not deaf.
If you're deaf, read my lips...I don't need a psycho following me today.
Go fuck yourself.
What?
Darryl.
No you won't.  You'll be back today. Now!  You get your ass back here, Thelma, now, Goddamnit.  Thelma, do you understand me?
... only for one day and we'll be back tomorrow night.
See ya.
'Bye, honey.  I won't wait up.
Well then, it's a good thing you're not regional manager and I am.
Funny how so many people wanna buy carpet on a Friday night.  You'd almost think they's want to forget about it for the weekend.
No, Thelma, I don't give a shit what we have for dinner.  I may not even make it home for dinner.  You know how Fridays are.
You want anything special for dinner?
What?!
Hon?
Uh-huh.
Have a good day at work today.
What.
Hon.
I'm sorry, Doll, I just didn't want you to be late.
Damnit, Thelma, don't holler like that!  Haven't I told you I can't stand it when you holler in the morning.
I gotta go to Little Rock.
In the leg.
That's what everybody says.  Only problem is nobody's husband was unaccounted for that night... Could you shoot Eddie in the face?  At point blank range?
Honey.  Nothing's impossible.  You just don't shoot someone like that for no reason.  Maybe he was askin' for it.  Anyway, somebody's husband probably got ol' Harlan.
Yeah, I could too.  But... I don't know why I'm even asking you this. It's just... we can't place anybody at the scene but these two gals that everybody swears is sweet as pie. I don't know.  I keep hearing words -- impossible -- inconceivable.  If just one person would say...
Well, maybe if they were trying to hurt you or one of the kids.  I'm sure I could shoot someone if they tried to hurt one of the children.
On what?
I don't know, honey.  I guess it would depend.
I'm asking you seriously, Sarah, a stranger?
Because he's an inconsiderate asshole.
Why?
I could shoot your cousin Eddie.
Do you think you could ever think of a set of circumstances that would just cause you to haul off and shoot someone?
What?
Do you think you could ever shoot someone?
Yes, baby?
Honey?
There's two girls out there that had a chance, they had a chance...!  And you blew it for 'em.  Now they've gotten in some serious trouble, some very serious trouble and for at least part of it, I'm gonna hold you personally responsible for anything that happens to them.  I've got no feelin' for you.  But I may be the only person in the world who gives a rat's ass what happens to them and you're either gonna tell me every damn thing you know, so there's a small chance I can actually do them some good, or I'm gonna be all over you like a fly on shit for the rest of your natural life.  Your misery is gonna be my goddamn mission in life.  That's a sincere promise.
How do you know I took it?  How do you know they didn't just give it to me?
You know what?  You're starting to irritate me.
Now that you mention it, they might have been a little bit jumpy.
Did either of them ever indicate that they might be running from the Law?
You might say we had a meeting of the minds, yes.
He said he took it to a motel in Oklahoma City.  He also says that at that time he met a man.  He identified you through a series of mug shots.  He also told us that you and Mrs. Dickinson seemed "close." Is that true?
Umm, yes.  She was driving.
We spoke with a gentlemen today who says he personally delivered very close to that same amount to a Miss Louise Sawyer.  Do you know her too?
Well, son, she's doin' a damn sight better 'n you right now.
Alright!  She did good!  Didn't she?
Aw, God.
That's Thelma Dickinson's husband.
Who's the nut?
Alright, Lena.  Go on home.  We might have to call you in for some more questioning.
It's a nightclub, not a drive-in, Hal.  I don't follow the customers to the parking lot.
You didn't happen to notice what kind of car they were driving?
Well, if I had to guess, I'd say it was some ol' gal, some ol' gal's husband.  But it wasn't either one of those two.  The tall one, the redhead, she left me a huge tip.
Lena, just cut the bullshit, will ya?  Do have any ideas or don't ya? I been standin' in this stupid parkin' lot all goddamn night, and I still got to go file a report before I can go home in time to get back up again!
Has anybody asked his wife?  She's the one I hope did it.
Who do you think did it?
If waitin' tables in a bar don't make you an expert on human nature, then nothin' will, and I could've told you that Harlan Puckett would end up buyin' it in a parkin' lot. I'm just surprised it didn't happen before now.
Well, you're not exactly an expert witness, but what makes you so sure?
Hal, I've told you about twenty times, yes, I could identify 'em, but neither one of them was the type to pull something like this.
Could you identify 'em, if ya saw 'em again?
Louise, I'll do anything.  I know what's makin' you run.  I know what happened to you in Texas.
You know, certain words and phrases just keep floating through my mind, things like incarceration, cavity search, life imprisonment, death by electrocution, that sort of thing. So, come out alive?  I don't know. Let us think about that.
You want to come on in?
No!
I do believe you.  That's what I want everybody to believe.  Trouble is, it doesn't look like an accident and you're not here to tell me about it... I need you to help me here.
Would you believe me if I told you this whole thing is an accident?
You're gettin' in deeper every moment you're gone.
Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here.
You're still with us though.  You're somewhere on the face of the earth?
Weird.  Got some kind of snowball effect goin' here or somethin'.
How are things goin' out there?
Hey.
Sure.  Maybe over coffee sometime. I'll buy.
Good.  You wanna tell me what happened?
We're both fine.
Yes, sir.  I know.
You girls are in some hot water.
I've been better.
Somebody's butt is gonna bar-b-que.
I have no problem with that.
Why don't we go ahead and let the bureau in on this.
That's certainly possible.
Is there any reason to believe they've left the state?
Alright.
Well, you'd best get something. Even if they didn't do it, it times out that they most likely witnessed it.  I want somebody to at least talk to 'em.  Put out an APB with a description and see what we get back.
All we know is there were two women in a green T-Bird convertible that turned left out of the parking lot, going real fast.  We're trying to get a make on the car, but nothin' yet.  So far, we got nothin'.
Oh, great.
Armed robber.
It's him.
Is this the guy you saw them with?
I know!  I'd tell you if I knew! Goddamn!  I know something happened, or she wouldn't have left.  I'm trying to remember everything!  Find that fucking kid.  He probably knows something.
This is serious, son.  A man is dead.
Just some young guy.  Around twenty years old.  Dark hair.
Tell us about him.
I swear to God, she wouldn't tell me one thing!  Christ!  You oughta try to find that kid that was with 'em.
Get a hold of yourself!  You are way out of your jurisdiction, now come on!  Calm down!  Don't make me sorry I let you come!
I'm sorry to bother you, I know you're real busy right now, but how many times, Max?  How many times has that woman gotta be fucked over? You could lift one finger and save her ass and you won't even do that?
The women are armed, Hal.  This is standard.  Now you stay calm here. These boys know what they're doin'.
Hey!  Don't let them shoot those girls.  This is too much.  They got guns pointed at 'em!
It don't matter.  Brains will only get you so far and luck always runs out.
We don't have a whole lotta choice, do we?  I can't figure out if they're real smart or just really, really lucky.
He's got nothin' to gain by lyin'.  Nothin' at all.  He already got all their money.  I just don't know what we're dealin' with here. Anyway, it went out again last night on Nationwide Teletype.  Let's just wait it out a little longer.  She said she was gonna call back.  Let's just sit tight.
It's just not working like this.  We gotta do something.  It'd be one thing if these girls were hardened criminals, but Jesus, Hal, this is makin' us look bad.  I don't know... maybe they're not movin'.  Maybe that little creep lied.
Oh, definitely.
Now, for one thing, you violated your parole two days out.  And you know Judge Hainey.  He hates this sort of thing.  Once he gets wind of this, he's gonna blow sky high.  And then when he finds out that you're a possible accessory to murder and armed robbery, well, I think we can safely place your ass back in the slammer for at least the remaining eight, don't you?
My Lord.
Good God.
The important thing is not to let on that you know anything.  We want to try and find out where they are. Now I don't want to get too personal, but do you have a good relationship with your wife?  Are you close with her?
We're going to leave someone here at the house in the event that she calls in.  Someone will be here until we find them.
Right.  Where are they?
A .38.
What kind of gun was it?
Shut up.
Don't hurt me.  Harlan.  Please.
Louise is alright.
Stop it!  Goddamnit, I mean it! Louise is gonna wonder where I am. Let go!
You're beautiful.  It's okay.  I won't hurt you.  It's okay.
It's okay.  I'm married, too.
Don't.  I'm married.  I don't feel good.  I've been sick.
Yeah, you're startin' to feel pretty good to me, too.
I guess I'm startin' to feel a little better.
I'm spinning.
What for?
Stop.
What's wrong?
Oh shit.
You do?  Is he a funny uncle? 'Cause if he is, then he and I got somethin' in common.
Your name's Harlan?  I got an uncle named Harlan!
You're a little angle, you are.
You're kinda the best thing that's happened to me in a long time.
And smooth, boy, you are smooth.
I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealin' my heart.
God.  You're a real live outlaw!
I've always believed if done right, armed robbery doesn't have to be a totally unpleasant experience.
Well, first you pick your place, see, then I'd just sit back and watch it for awhile.  Ya gotta wait for just the right moment, which is something you know instinctively, that can't be taught.  Then I'd waltz on in...
Tell me.
Naw, honey, that would be burglary. I never got arrested for burglary. Burglary's for chicken shits.  If you're gonna rob someone, ya just have to go right on up to 'em and do it.  Just take the money.  That's robbery.  That's a whole 'nother deal.
No, I mean how would you do it?  Do you just sneak in real fast or hide out till the store closes or what?
Well, I was just down on my luck and it seemed like somethin' I was good at so I...
How?
Well, I robbed a gas station once, and I robbed a couple of liquor stores, and some convenience stores. And that's it.
What?
Nope.  I've never robbed a bank.
You're a bank robber?
I'm a robber.
What did ya do?
Well, not anymore, Thelma, except for bustin' parole, I haven't done one wrong thing.
What?!  Parole officer?  You mean you're a criminal?
I'm just some guy.  A guy whose parole officer is probably having a shit fit right about now.
J.D.!  Just tell me.  I know you're not some schoolboy.  Now come on, nobody ever tells me shit.
I am the great and powerful Oz...
That's lonely for you, I guess.  I always think of motel rooms as lonely.
She's off with Jimmy, that's her boyfriend.
Oh.  I... where's Louise?
Well, you wanna use the shower?
That sounds nice.
I don't know.  Nothin'.  Took a shower.
I don't know.  Nowhere.  What are you doin'?
Wait...!  Um, where ya going?
Well, I guess I'd better...
Thelma?  It's me.
Louise, is that you?
Yup.  Thanks for the ride.  You all take care.
This is J.D.  He's a student.  We're just givin' him a ride to... to here.  Louise said we could bring him here and then he'd have to go. And that's what he's doin'.  He's goin'.  Aren't you, J.D.?
It's okay.  He is an asshole.  Most of the time I just let it slide.
Well, if you don't mind me sayin' so, he sounds like a real asshole.
Twenty-four isn't young.  I'd already been goin' out with him ten years when we got married.  I've never been with anybody but Darryl.
Did you get married real young?
Darryl, that's my husband, he says he's not ready.  He's still too much of a kid himself.  He prides himself on being infantile.
So how come you don't have any kids?
Human nature.  I'm majoring in behavioral science.
So J.D., what are you studying in school?
A regular outlaw.
I always knew that.
Don't mind me, Jimmy, I'm just a wild woman.
Well, come on, gal, I got you a room.  You can go on in and take a nice cold shower.
Who's your friend?
Good answer.  Same goes double for me.
Ask me no questions, I'll tell you no lies.
Jimmy!  Hello, stranger.  What in the world are you doin' here?
I'm choking on it.
Damn, Jimmy, did you take a pill that makes you say all the right stuff?
Don't worry darlin'.  I'll say I never found you.  I'll say anything you want.  We'll find a way to get you out of this, whatever it is.
Believe me, the last thing I want is for you to get punished.
Are you just doin' this to punish me?
I don't know.  It doesn't even matter anymore.  I just want you to be happy... It's not that I don't love you either.  But Jimmy, your timing couldn't be worse.
I'm the one... I never made it work. I just... It's not that I don't love you.  It's not that.  I just never thought I'd be thirty-six years old and I never thought... I don't know what I thought.  What do you want, darlin'.  What do you want me to do.
'Cause, Louise.  I don't want to lose you.  And for some reason I get the feelin' you're about to split. Permanently.
Why now, Jimmy?
So whaddya think.  I mean... I could... uh... get a job.  Of some kind.  I mean you've been tellin' me that for years, right?
You didn't see that one comin', did ya?
Jimmy... it's beautiful!
Will you at least see how it fits?
Maybe.
Can I just ask you one other thing?
Alright, alright.  I'm sorry.
Stop it!  Stop it, Jimmy, or I'll leave right now.  I'm not kiddin'!
Then what?!  What, goddamnit, Louise!  Where the fuck are you going?  Are you just leaving for fucking ever?  What, did you fuckin' murder somebody or what?!
It's nothin' like that.
Does it have something to do with another guy?  Are you in love with him?
Maybe.
Okay, peaches, okay.  But can I ask you one thing?
Okay, okay, just tell me what's the trouble.
Jimmy, my daddy's still alive and it kind of gives me the creeps when you do that...
Now, my little coconut, what seems to be the trouble here?  Tell Daddy everything.
It's me.
Who is it?
Hello...
Can we get another room?  Just put it on my credit card.
Oh my God!  Jimmy!  You... Oh my God!  What are you doin' here?
Hey, peaches.
That's the code word.  I miss you, peaches.
What?
Peaches.
And what's the mysterious code word?
It's a place called Shaw's Siesta Motel.  The address is 1921 North East 23.  It's under your name.
Good.  That was good.  Where do I go?
No, honey.  I told him I was buyin' a car.  What is it for?
You didn't say what it was for, did you?
Friend of mine, owns a club.  Dickie Randall.  You'd know him if you saw him.  His brother was in your class. Terry.
Who did it?
I got it.  I was afraid I'd missed you.  I almost couldn't get a check cashed.  It's Saturday.
Is that how you answer the phone?
Okay.
I know.  Call me back.  Louise, I love you, okay?
Okay.  I'll call you back.  In an hour.  Don't tell Darryl.
Call me back.
Tell me now.
No, for that much money I have to tell them exactly which office.  I know, I've had to have money wired to me on the road.  And there has to be a code word or they won't give it to you.  I'll have to tell you the code.
Can't it go to any office?
Louise, let me call you back after I wire it, so you'll know which office to go to.
Not yet.
You're in Oklahoma?!
Wire it to the Western Union in Oklahoma City,
Christ, sure... yes!
Do you love me?
Of course.  Of course!  Where?  Can't I bring it to you?  For God's sake, baby, please, just tell me what's happened, what could possibly be so bad?
Something real bad has happened and I can't tell you what, just that it's bad and I did it and I can't undo it.  Can you help me?
What the fuck is going on?
I have a savings account with about sixty-seven hundred dollars in it. Now I know you won't be able to get it out, but I'm good for it.  I need that money.  Can you wire me the sixty-seven hundred dollars and I'll pay you back?  Please, I'm desperate.
Fishing.  Look, Jimmy... I need you to help me.  This is serious.  I'm in trouble and I need you to help me.  Can you do that?
Where'd y'all go?
Louise, just tell me what the hell is going on here!  I come back, nobody knows where you are.  Is Thelma with you?  Darryl's been callin' here every half-hour sayin' he's gonna kill you both when you get back, he's goin' nuts.  I don't envy her if she is.
No, I'm out of town.  I'm in... I'm in real deep shit, Jimmy.  Deep shit Arkansas.
Are you in town?  This sounds long distance.
I am funny.  I'm real funny.
Louise, honey... Where are you?  You sound funny.
Hi.  I'm okay.  How are you?  Long time no see.
Louise!  Where are you?  Are you alright?  Honey...
As far as I'm concerned, yes, ma'am, you are.
Am I in trouble?
Front.
In the back?
You wanna come with me, please? Walk around and get in the car, please.
Yes.
Is this your car?
Oh yeah.
You wanna take it out of your wallet, please?
You wanna let me see your license, please?
Hello, Officer.  Is there a problem?
You, too, sweetie, the best.
You're a good friend.
Go?
Go.
What are you talkin' about?
Then let's not get caught.
We're not giving up, Thelma.
Now what?
All this for us?
God!  It looks like the Army!
It's grand!
Isn't it beautiful?!!
It's the Goddamn Grand Canyon!
What in the hell is it?!
Way up ahead!
Where?!
What in the hell is that up there?
What?!
Louise!
How do you stay so positive?
I guess everything we've got to lose is already gone anyway.
Unbearable, I'd imagine.
I guess everything from here on in is going to be pretty shitty.
No... You've always been crazy. This is just the first chance you've had to really express yourself.
I guess I went a little crazy, huh?
You too, sweetie, the best.
You're a good friend.
You're crazy.
Louise... no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.
There's one thing you oughta understand by now, Thelma, it's not your fault.
I know this whole thing was my fault.  I know it is.
They'll probably catch us when we have to stop for gas!
Why?
We probably shoulda filled up the car before we blew up that truck.
Oh.
What?!  What d'you think?!
What?!
Shit!
Did you see that guy?!  He was right in the middle of the road!
Shit!
How long do you think that'll take?
About two hundred and fifty miles.
How far are we from Mexico?
Yeah, right.  We're not gonna get caught.
I guess we shoulda made some kinda plan for what to do if we get caught.
Yup.
We've gone insane.
What?
You know what's happened, don't you?
Texas... You were right about what happened to me there.
Hey.  Where'd you learn to shoot like that?
Does that mean suck my dick?
And, oh my God, that other thing, that pointing to your lap?  What's that supposed to mean exactly?  Does that mean pull over, I want to show you what a big fat slob I am or...
I mean really!  That business with your tongue.  What is that?  That's disgusting!
Pass him!
It's him.  He's got California plates.  It's the same guy.
Oh my God!  Louise!  Look!  Look! See if that's him!
You're drivin'.
We should head a little further in. There's not that many roads in this state.  I want to try to hit Mexico somewhere not so close to New Mexico.  They probably wanna kill us in New Mexico.
It would have to be pretty damn good.
It'd have to be pretty good.
Yes!  Yes!  Now what kind of deal do you think that cop can come up with to beat that?
I wanna get a job.  I wanna work at Club Med.
We can live in a hacienda.
We can change our names.
We'll be drinkin' margaritas by the sea, Mamasita.
Wide awake.  I don't remember ever feelin' this awake.  Everything looks different.  You know what I mean.  I know you know what I mean. Everything looks new.  Do you feel like that?  Like you've got something to look forward to?
Good.
Me too.  I feel awake.
You could call it that.  My eyes are open.
You awake?
Well, let me know when you figure it out.
No.
Sure... You know how to hotwire a car?
Louise, do you think we should change cars, get another car?
Gosh, didn't he say anything positive at all?
And we have to decide whether we want to come out of this dead or alive.
Eeuww.
He said they're charging us with murder.
I know.  I know what you mean.  I don't wanna end up on the damn Geraldo Show.
But I don't know... something's crossed over in me and I can't go back.  I mean, I just couldn't live...
Thelma, that is not an option.
I can understand if you're thinkin' about it.  I mean, in a way, you've got something to go back for.  I mean Jimmy and everything.
No, Thelma.  I'm not gonna make any deals.
You're not gonna make some deal with that guy, are you?  I mean, I just wanna know.
What do you mean?
You're not gonna give up on me, are ya?
Yes, Thelma?
Louise?
Whatever.
No, Louise, you said the first part. I said all the rest.
I said all that?
That guy was hurtin' me.  And if you hadn't come out when you did, he'd a hurt me a lot worse.  And probably nothin' woulda happened to him. 'Cause everybody did see me dancin' with him all night.  And they woulda made out like I asked for it.  And my life woulda been ruined a whole lot worse than it is now.  At least now I'm havin' fun.  And I'm not sorry the son of a bitch is dead. I'm only sorry that it was you that did it and not me.  And if I haven't, I wanna take this time to thank you, Louise.  Thank you for savin' my ass.
What?
Nobody would believe us.  We'd still get in trouble.  We'd still have our lives ruined.  And you know what else?
What'd I say again?
You know why.  You already said.
I think I've really fucked up.  I think I've got us in a situation where we could both get killed.  Why didn't we just go straight to the police.
Are you alright?
Shit.  I'm gettin' tired.
Yeah.
Yeah, you want it?
You do?
Okay, okay... I've got some tequila. You want some tequila?
And I don't want any more Wild Turkey, either.  It's burning a hole in my stomach.
I don't care what the damn pioneers ate.  You just keep that shit away from me, now I mean it.
It's good.  It's what the pioneers ate.
I don't want to see any more beef jerky.  I mean the next beef jerky you hand me is going out the window. It's drivin' me crazy.  The whole car smells like it.
Just asking.
Well, I figure if you take a state policeman, shoot up his car, take his gun and lock him in the trunk, it's best to just get on out of the state if you can.
Yes.
Louise... are we still going to Mexico?
I believe you.
I know it's crazy, Louise, but I just feel like I've got a knack for this shit.
Hit it.
Ready?
Sorry!
Sorry!
Shoot the radio!
What?
I swear, before yesterday, neither one of us would have ever pulled a stunt like this.  But if you ever met my husband, you'd know why I just can... You wanna step out of the car, please?  You wanna put your hands on your head, please?  Louise, shoot the radio.
I am really sorry about this.
About how fast was I going?
I told you to slow down.  Hell, Officer, I told her to slow down.
Please, God, please don't let us get caught.  Please, please, please...
I don't know!  Shit!  Let's just play it by ear.  He may not know. He may just give me a ticket.
What do we do?  What do you want to do?!
Okay, Louise... It's okay.
I'm warning you, Thelma.  You better drop it right now!  I don't want to talk about it!
... in Texas... didn't it?  That's what happened... Oh my God.
I don't want to talk about it! Thelma, I'm not kidding!  Don't you even...
Suck my dick... Boom!!
Thelma!
Boy, he wasn't expectin' that!
Now, Thelma, that is not...
Just the look on his face when you...  ... it's not funny.
What?!  What about him?!
Harlan.
What?!
What?  What's not funny, Thelma!
Nothing.  It's not funny.
What?
We should have just ignored him.
Oh, Christ.  I hate this guy.
Just ignore him.
Look!  Look who it is, Thelma.  I'll be darned.  What's he doin' way out here.
Well, you got it now.
I always wanted to travel.  I just never got the opportunity.
Gosh.  It sure is.
This is so beautiful.
Always lookin' on the bright side, aren't ya?
Well, now, maybe you won't have to.
I mean, look how different he looks just since high school.  It's bad enough I have to get old, but doin' it with Darryl around is only gonna make it worse.  I mean, I don't think he's gonna be very nice about it.
I can see that.
Well, to be honest, the idea of getting old with Darryl was kinda startin' to get to me.
Yeah.  Those.  That always put the fear of God in me.  What about you?
Oh yeah.  You mean Peek-a-poos.
Those, too, but you know those little hairy ones?  Those flat-faced little fuckers with those ugly goddamned teeth?
Like a Chihuahua?
You know those little dogs you see people with?
What little dogs?
I guess I always thought the worst thing that could happen would be to end up old and alone in some crummy apartment with one of those little dogs.
Before.
You mean now or before?
Of all the things in the world that scare you, what's the worst thing that scares you the most?
Yeah.
Can I ask you kind of a weird question?
I'm not suggestin' that!  I'm not goin' back.  No matter what happens. So don't worry about me.
Oh, I don't know, Thelma.  I guess maybe we could turn ourselves in and spend our lives trading cigarettes for mascara so we can look nice when our families come to visit us on Saturdays.  Maybe we could have children with the prison guards.
Whaddo we do?
Now what what?
Now what?
I always wanted to see New Mexico.
Oklahoma, Thelma.  We're crossing into New Mexico.
Idaho?
Just past Boise City.
Louise?  Where are we?
You're right.
Just stop talkin' to people, Thelma! Stop bein' so open!  We're fugitives now.  Let's behave that way!
Why not?!  What's he got to lose? Other than my life's savings, that is.  Shit!
I just told him if he ever gets to Mexico to look us up.  I asked him not to tell.  I didn't think he would tell anybody.
You told that thievin' little shit where we were goin'?!
I... I...
How'd they find out we're going to Mexico, Thelma, how they know that?
What.
That J.D. kid is a little shit.
Let's get it over with.
Fill her up.  There's a phone right over there.
Alright, Louise!
Besides, what do we say about the robbery?  No excuse for that.  No such thing as justifiable robbery.
No physical evidence.  We can't prove he did it.  We probably can't even prove he touched you by now.
Why not?!
It won't work.
They don't know that!  It was just you and me there.  I'll say he raped me and you had to shoot him!  I mean, it's almost the truth!
But it wasn't!  We got away!  We were walkin' away!
Murder one!  God, Louise, can't we even say it was self-defense?
Oh, come on!  Murder one and armed robbery, Thelma!
Jeez, Louise, tapped the phone?  You think so?
To find out if he knows anything. If you think he does, you gotta hang up because it means the police have told him and the phone is probably tapped.
What for?
I want you to call Darryl.
Yeah.
Thelma.
They think we like it.  Maybe they think it turns us on.
Ugh!!  Why do they have to do that?
Litterbug.
Try to.
So what's the plan, Thelma?  You just gonna stay drunk?
Yes!  I believe I am!
You're disturbed.
Maybe.  Maybe.  The call of the wild!
You think you've found your calling?
Oooooweee!!  You shoulda seen me! Like I'd been doin' it all my life! Nobody would ever believe it.
No we shouldn't, but I want to put some distance between us and the scene of our last Goddamn crime!
Are you sure we should be driving like this?  In broad daylight and everything?
For the first time in my life, I wish this car wasn't green.
Lemme see the map.
Holy shit.
Well, I just...
Okay.  Shit, Thelma!  What'd you do? I mean, what did you say?
Now you get a grip, Louise!  Just drive us to Goddamn Mexico, will ya!
Oh shit, Thelma!!  Shit!  Shit! Shit!
I'm sorry.  Well, we need the money. Now we have it.
What happened?
Drive!  Drive away!
No.
Don't worry about it.  You want anything?
Eighty-eight dollars ain't gonna make a dent, baby girl.
You left that guy alone in the room?
Taking a shower.
I'm sorry.  I am happy.  I'm very happy for you.  I'm glad you had a good time.  It's about time.  Where is he now?
You know, Louise, you're supposed to be my best friend.  You could at least be a little bit happy for me. You could at least pretend to be slightly happy that for once in my life I have a sexual experience that isn't completely disgusting.
Thelma, please get a hold of yourself.  You're making a spectacle.
I mean I finally understand what all the fuss is about.   This is just a whole 'nother ball game!
Oh, Thelma.  Oh, no.
I don't think I wanna hear what you're gonna tell me.
Well, I'm not on drugs.  But I might be crazy.
Yes, now that you mention it.  You seem crazy.  Like you're on drugs.
Nothing.  Why?  Do I seem different?
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.  It got messed up.
What happened to your hair?
Have another drink, Thelma.
You're a vision, Louise, a goddamn vision of loveliness, you always are.
How do I look?
I won't wait up.
Put a lid on it, Thelma!  It's hard enough as it is.  Just let me get this part over with.  Now stay here and guard the money.  If there's any problem I'm in room 115.
Well boy, he's got his work cut out for him now, don't he?
I didn't ask him to come!  It's like I said, Thelma, he just loves the chase.
You are so sweet to that guy, you really are.  Imagine not wanting to drag him into this.  He is a lucky man.
Nothing.  I'm not gonna tell him a thing.  The least I can do is not make him an accessory any more than he already is.
So what are you gonna tell him?
I heard that.
He's always got it bad as long as I'm running in the other direction. Don't be fooled, he's no different than any other guy.  He knows how to chase and that's it.  Once he's caught you, he don't know what to do.  So he runs away.
I don't care what you say about him. The boy has got it bad.
Thelma kinda took to him.
Yup.  That's him goin'.  I love to watch him go.
He's a real piece o' work.  I wish you could meet him.
She thinks he's a pig.
That's puttin' it mildly.
Louise and Darryl don't get along.
He's got a lot to be proud of.
No, Louise.  How come you never said what happened?
Thelma!  I'm not gonna talk about this!  Now find another way or give me the goddamn map and I will!  You understand?
I know, Louise, but we're running for our lives!  Don't you think you could make an exception just this once?!  I mean, look at the map. The only thing between Oklahoma and Mexico is Texas!
You know how I feel about Texas... We're not going that way.
Wait.  What?  You want to go to Mexico from Oklahoma and you don't want to go through Texas?
I don't want to go that way.  Find a way that we don't have to go through Texas.
Well, it looks like we can get on this road 81 that heads down towards Dallas, then cut over to...
I'm sorry.  I'm just not in the mood for company right now.  Here.  Take this map.  I need you to find all the secondary roads to Mexico from Oklahoma City.  I think we should stay off the interstates.  We're too conspicuous.
I just don't see what it would hurt just to give somebody a ride.  Did you see his butt?  Darryl doesn't have a cute butt.  You could park a car in the shadow of his ass.
He said "Okay, Thelma.  I just wanted to know you were alright.  I hope you're havin' a good time.  You sure deserve one after puttin' up with me all the time.  I love you, honey."
What did Darryl say?
I wish we could've brought him with us.
Louise.
It's probably not a good idea.
Louise, this young man is on his way back to school and needs a ride, and I thought since...
I don't know.  I won't be.
Will I be?
Call him.  Don't tell him anything. Tell him you're having a wonderful time and you'll be home tomorrow night.
Call him?
Don't you fall apart on me. Goddamnit, Thelma.  Every time we get in trouble, you go blank or plead insanity or some such shit, and this time... Not this time. Everything's changed now... Now you can do whatever you want, but I'm going to Mexico.  I'm going.  Are you coming with me?
I... I don't know.  I don't know what you're askin' me.
Thelma, I'm going to Mexico.  I think I can make it in two and a half days, but I'm going to have to haul ass.  Are you up to this?  I mean, I have to know.  This isn't a game.  I'm in deep shit.  I gotta know what you're gonna do.
But you think he fools around.
I don't think Darryl is mature enough to conduct an affair.
Do you think Darryl's having an affair?
I've been tellin' you that for the last ten years.
I called the asshole at 4:00 in the morning and he wasn't even home.  I don't know what he's got to be mad about.  I'm the one who should be mad.
No, I didn't tell him.  And that's something we gotta get straight. Darryl's been callin', mad as a hornet, makin' all kinds of noise. When you talk to him, you cannot say anything about this.  You gotta make sure everything sounds normal.
You talked to him?!  Is he mad?  Did you tell him?
Oklahoma City.  Jimmy's gonna wire me some money, and then...
Don't get mad, Louise, but where are we going?
I think better when I drive.
Did you finish thinking?
Most people just cause me trouble, but that car always gets me out of it.
My stuff's in the trunk!  God!  You care more about that car than you do about most people.
You're not touchin' that car.
Give me the keys.
Well, what's the big rush, Thelma? If we just give 'em some time, they'll come to us...!  Oh Christ. I'm just not ready to go to jail yet.  Why don't you go out to the pool or something and I'll figure it out...
I suggested we go to the police, but you didn't like that; so, frankly, Louise, I'm all out of ideas.
You could help me try and figure it out!  I gotta figure out what to do, and you could try and help me.
Actin' like what?!  How am I supposed to act?  'Scuse me for not knowing what to do after you blow somebody's head off!
Why are you actin' like this?
What do you mean?
Just what the hell is wrong with you?
Well, when you figure it out, wake me up.
Oh, I don't know.  I'm just nervous. I gotta figure out what to do.
Hmmm.  We gotta get some money.
I'm cash poor.
What?  Oh, I don't know.  Let me look.
We're gonna go to the next town and stop.  We'll get a motel room.  I can rest for a while and then figure out how to get some money.  We're gonna need money.  Thelma.  How much money do you have with you?
So this is all my fault, is it.
It means shut up, Thelma.
Just what is that supposed to mean?
If you weren't so concerned with having a good time, we wouldn't be here right now.
Our next move?  I'll say one thing, Louise.  This is some vacation.  I sure am having a good time.  This is real fun.
We have to think this through.  We have to be smart.  Now is not the time to panic.  If we panic now, we're done for.  Nobody saw it. Nobody knows it was us.  We're still okay.  Now all we have to do is just figure out our next move.
It means you don't talk to anybody. You don't draw attention to yourself in any way.  Do you understand that?
Yes.
We gotta be inconspicuous.  Do you know what that means?
Only about a hundred people saw you cheek to goddamn cheek with him all night, Thelma!  Who's gonna believe that?!  We just don't live in that kind of world.  Pull over!
All of it.  That he tried to rape me.
Which part?
I don't know.  Just tell 'em what happened.
Tell them what?!  What, Thelma? What do you think we should tell them?
Shouldn't we go to the cops?  I mean, I think we should tell the police.
I don't know, Thelma!  I don't know! Just shut up a minute so I can think.
Louise.  Where are we going?
West.  Left.
Shit!  I... I, which way?
Get the car!
Jesus Christ!  Louise, you shot him.
Get the car.
Oh my God.
Ready when you are.
Thelma, I'm gonna hit the little girls' room, and then we gotta hit the road.
In the meantime, you said we were gonna have some fun.  So let's have some!
Exactly.
Why don't you ditch that loser husband of yours?
Why don't you tell him to just to get lost once and for all?
I wonder if Jimmy's gotten back.
I'm sorry, Louise.  I know you're all upset.  It's just I'm so excited to be out of the house, I guess.  I wonder if Darryl's home yet.
Givin' him a taste of his own medicine.  Asshole.
So, Jimmy still hasn't called yet?
Well, just relax, will ya.  You're makin' me nervous.
Maybe.
So what if he was?  It's all your years of waitin' tables has made you jaded, that's all.
Can't you tell when somebody's hittin' on you?
Jeez, Louise, that wasn't very nice.
Yeah!
Alright...  I changed my mind.  I'll have a margarita with and a shot of Cuervo on the side, please.
Well, I've had it up to my ass with sedate!  You said you and me was gonna get outta town and, for once, just really let our hair down. Well, darlin,' look out 'cause my hair is comin' down!
I just haven't seen you like this in a while.  I'm used to seeing you more sedate.
Tell me somethin'.  Is this my vacation or isn't it?  I mean, God, you're as bad as Darryl.
Thelma!
Isn't this fun?
I haven't seen a place like this since I left Texas.
Then what difference does it make if we stop?  Come on.  I never get to do stuff like this.
We've not gonna get to the cabin till after dark as it is, Thelma.
I'll never make it... Can't we stop just for a few minutes...
Another hour of so.  We've got enough food for a month.
How much longer is it gonna be?  I'm hungry.
Well, he has never let me go.  He never lets me do one goddamn thing that's any fun.  All he wants me to do is hang around the house the whole time while he's out doing God only knows what.
Aw, shit, Thelma, he's gonna kill you.
'Cause I didn't ask him.
How come he let you go?
I've never had the chance to go out of town without Darryl.
It's Bob's, the day manager's.  He's gettin' a divorce, so his wife's gettin' this place, so he's just lettin' all his friends use it till he has to turn over the keys.
Whose place is this again?
We'd have to.  That thing barely makes it down the driveway.
Oh yeah, sure, Thelma, that lantern will come in real handy.  Maybe we could tow your car behind, in case he steals the spark plugs.
In case there's some escaped psycho killer on the loose, who cuts the electricity off and tries to come in and kill us.
In case of what?
I wanna take it anyway.  Just in case.
We don't need the lantern.  The place has electricity.
Neither do I, Thelma, but Darryl does it, how hard can it be?  I'll see you later.  Be ready.
I don't know how to fish, Louise.
And steal Darryl's fishin' stuff.
Okay.  I will, too.
I don't know.  Warm stuff, I guess. It's the mountains.  I guess it gets cold at night.  I'm just gonna bring everything.
What kind of stuff do I bring?
You're kiddin'!  Alright!  I'll be there around two or three.
What time are you gonna pick me up?
Not this weekend, sweetie, she's runnin' away with me.  Hi.  What'd he say?
I'll call you right back.
No, I'm callin' from the Playboy Mansion.
He already thinks you're out of your mind, Louise, that don't carry much weight with Darryl.  Are you at work?
You mean you haven't asked him yet? For Christ sake, Thelma, is he your husband or your father?  It's just two days.  For God's sake, Thelma. Don't be a child.  Just tell him you're goin' with me, for cryin' out loud.  Tell him I'm havin' a nervous breakdown.
Well, wait now.  I still have to ask Darryl if I can go.
Fuck you.
Are you going to apologize or not?
Fuck that.
Say you're sorry.
I'm not apologizing for shit!
You got that right.
You women are crazy!
You know good and damn well what I'm talkin' about.
What?  What are you talkin' about?
Yeah.  I been seein' you, too.
We been seein' you all along the way.
Damn.  I hate that!  I hate bein' called a beaver, don't you?
Yeah... sure did.
You probably even called us beavers on your CB radio, didn't you?
Oh, Jesus!
Fresno.
Where you goin'?
Grrrreat!
We're fine!  How are you?
Hi there!  You alright?
Hi!
Yeah yeah. I'm going to the corner to get a cup of coffee.
No, I just meant...
Heavy? Heavy?! What I wouldn't give to know what heavy feels like, you insensitive prick.
The thing's kind of heavy.
S'matter with you? You look like you're fading.
I'll try to be more careful.
You heard me. You already put a fucking nick in my piano.
What?
Hey, shit-for-brains, be careful not to scratch that thing, huh?
I guess.
No harm, no foul?
Hitchhikers? I don't know -- fifty... a hundred maybe -- Who keeps track?
This wasn't your first time, was it, Ted? How many we talking?
Jeez, I didn't catch it.
Well, uh, can you tell us his name?
Guilty as charged. I'm not gonna play games with you. I could give you a song and dance but what's the point? I did it and we all know it.  The hitcher himself told me it's illegal. The irony...
So you admit it?
Isn't that just my luck -- I get caught for everything.
Just one pair! You owe me that much, you heartless bitch!
Stop it!
Stop that! No! Somebody help me!!!!!
...Not until I get a little something to remember you by.
Oh, Mary, honey, you're taking this all wrong.  I'm not leaving...
I'm asking you to leave.
All right, I did, but I was in a weird place then.
Woogie, I caught you red-handed.
Look at me, Mary. On my mother's soul, on God above, on everything that is holy to me, I did not steal your shoes.
That's great, Woogie, I'm happy you're better -- you seem... good --but... you put me through quite an ordeal, you know.
That's what I want to tell ya. I've been through two years of extensive psychotherapy and you know what? You were right -- I needed help.
Well... thank you. But... you know you're not supposed to be within four hundred yards of me.
Uh-huh. I was worried about you.
You sent that?
Did you get my letter, Mare? The one about Ted?
If you're so happy with them, please, be my guest.
But but you're married. You have kids a great wife.
Dom Wooganowski. Duh.
You stole her from me. Now I want her back.
Dom? What are you?
People get hurt that way.
Holy shit, I've been going out with a loaded gun!
You bet your ass I'm right. You don't go out with a loaded gun, you empty the barrels!
Jesus Christ you're right.
The most honest moment in a man's life is the five minutes after he's blown a load. That's a medical fact. And it's because you're no longer trying to get laid. You're actually thinking like a girl. They love that.
Huh.
Wrong. It's because you ain't got the baby batter in your brain any more. That'll fuck with your head, that stuff will.
I'm usually too tired to be.
Why's that?
No.
Think about it: After you've had sex with a girl and the two of you are laying in bed, are you nervous?
You jerk off before all big dates, right? Tell me you jerk off before your big dates.
Pipes? What are you talking about?
You know, clean the pipes.
Hm?
Okay, sounds like you're all set. Just clean the pipes and it's a go.
Copped a tin of Altoids at the car wash.
Mints?
Check.
Car clean? Plenty of gas?
Got cash.
Just relax. Have you hit the cash machine?
Oh God, I'm fucking nervous. I don't know if I'm ready for this, man.
Are you crazy? I've unleashed a psycho on her. She's gonna be fucking pissed.  She's even more beautiful than I remember.
Tell her the truth about Healy! Blow the schmuck out of the water.
I don't know what to say.
Well? What are you waiting for?
No! You've gone through way too much to back down now. Get over there and do something -- I can't stand watching this.
Fuck me.  Let's go home.
Don't you see? -- Healy lied to us about everything! The landlord said when he got back from Miami he kept talking about falling for some doctor named Mary!
And this adversely affects me how...?
Remember our friend Healy? Well, I didn't know where to mail his last paycheck so I sent my assistant by his mother's apartment. Turns out there is no diabetic mom. Landlord said she's been dead for ten years.
Shoot.
Flew.  Told my wife I was going to a Promise Keepers convention.
How the hell did you get here anyway?
Yeah feels like it.
Didn't they tell you? That hitcher was just about to cut your throat when you stopped to take a leak. You got a fucking horseshoe up your ass, man.
I am?
You are one lucky sonofabitch, you know that?
Fuck calling her. I'm going down there.
Well then you've got to call her, man.
That sneaky prick was probably practicing his jai alai.
The lazy fuck just didn't bother to look her up.
Uh-huh.
No You mean...?
Well think about it.
Huh? But why did Healy?
My Mary -- she's not in Japan, she's single, and she's got no rugrats. She does have a little gambling problem, she plays the football cards a bit too much, but she's a babe, a surgeon babe!
What?
Mary's a babe!
Amen to that.
Jesus, Ted, you've got to finish that damn novel so you can quit that stupid magazine.
Never met him.
What? On your day off? Do you even know the guy?
Maybe you're right. I should look on the bright side. I mean, I've still got my health...  I'm out of here. I've got to get up at six a.m. to move my boss's brother into his apartment.
Christ, Ted, I was only four towns away.
Wait a second, I never told you that.
I'm sorry, it's just that you're taking this all wrong, pal. Don't you see? You're liberated. I feel liberated. I mean here you've been in therapy thinking you blew it with the greatest girl ever, and it turns out that getting your dick stuck in your zipper was the best thing that ever happened to you!
What's so funny?
I think it was better when I didn't. It was kind of inspiring to know there was someone so pure in the world.
Well... at least now you know.
What's that, Dom? What's the bright side?
Hey, look on the bright side --
That's it, I'm making an oath. I'll never procrastinate about anything again. Life is too fucking short.
He'll do better than that. I'll send him down to Miami on business, you throw him a couple bucks on the side, and he'll track her down.
And you think he could find out her number for me?
Yeah, I guess he still lives with her. Seemed like a sweet lady -- got diabetes or something -- so I went out on a limb and got him transferred down to Providence.
His mother?
Relax, this guy owes me a big one. A couple years ago he got in a jam up in the Boston office; some bullshit about padding his resume -- like we haven't all done that. Anyway, they were going to let him go but his mother wrote a tear-jerker letter that ended up on my desk.
I don't know about this, Dom.
I got it -- you hire a private eye, fly him out there, he follows her around a couple days, she'll never know a thing.
They told me they don't help out stalkers.  Look, maybe they're right, it's been a long time.
You're kidding? What did they say?
I also called Unsolved Mysteries.
So that was it? One bump in the road and you gave up?
I did try calling her.  A few years ago. She wasn't listed.
What if you're wrong? You just said she's the only girl you ever loved, what have you got to lose by calling her?
Because I guarantee she's married and has a couple kids. Girls like Mary don't stay single.
Why not?
Yeah, right.
Well why don't you look her up?
I don't know.
I mean since then.
I told you, her family moved to Miami.
Whatever happened to Mary?
Look, I admit it was brief, but it was definitely love. Crushes don't last twelve years.
Mary again.
Well once. Mary.
Never?
Nah.
Each day is better than the next.  Have you ever been, you know... in love with someone?
It must be great with a wife like that.
I never said that. I'm saying your lucky those kids found his kidneys.  Besides, your brother Jimmy never gave a shit about you.
Oh, so I'm lucky because my brother got killed in an explosion?
Give me a break. Remember five years ago, when your kidneys failed? If you were a loser would they have been able to find a donor with an exact tissue match? What are the odds of that, one in a million?
Loser? You?
What's the point? Let's face it, Dom, I'm in a slump.  Lately I've been feeling like... well... like a loser.
I just told you, she's half Asian. half American. They're all good looking. You could mate Don Rickles and Yoko Ono and they're going to have a gorgeous kid. It's a foolproof combo.
Good-looking?
You're leaving it out. Finish your swing.  You're going to like this one -- she's half Asian, half American.
What's he like?
I'm going to fix you up with my new assistant.
Come on, that wouldn't make me gay.
Let me ask you this: When you smoke a cigar, do you ever pretend it has balls?
Yeah, but he was successful.
Well you're a writer, and a lot of writers are gay. Look at Truman Capote.
He implied it.
Gay? He said you were gay?
I'm an orthopedic surgeon, she's an orthopedic surgeon.
A convention? How'd you see her at a convention?
From high school Mary? Yeah, I saw her about six months ago at a convention in Las Vegas.
Mary.
Who?
Bob, do you remember Mary?
Yeah, that's more or less what the others said, too. Out getting coffee... supposed to meet him here... picking up my grandma...
Out getting coffee.
Uh-huh. Where was he?
It wasn't my truck -- I was helping out a guy in a wheelchair.
So... I see you made the news.
Because you're a loser, and in some warped way this gives you a momentary sense of worth.
Oh come on, why would I lie?
I got twenty bucks says you're full of shit.
Loser? Woogie was all-state football and and basketball and valedictorian of his class.
Woogie from Borrington high? Sounds like a loser.
Big guy -- goes to Barrington high school.
Who?
Who?
Why don't you be a gentleman and ask Rosey?
Aw, Christ, I can't take it anymore. I'm gonna pack my bags and go back to my own place.
We're in love with your roommate.
No, thanks.  Love a little bundt cake if you have some!
Would you like a little clam-dip, honey?
You got a brew?
Would you like a glass of tea or something?
Truth is I usually get along better with animals than with people. In Nepal the villagers call me 'Kin-tan- tee', which means 'man who is loved by many animals...  ...who love him a lot, too... and so on.'
He can tell you're an animal nut. You are, aren't ya?
'That right?
You mean he doesn't like bad guys.
Call you back.
This is a good one, Mare. Sounds like his partner's all lubed up.
You said it, mister.  I gotta go.
Hey, love will make you do fucked-up things.
The bottom line is, I'm not going to use my philanthropy as some form of currency... especially after what I did.  I lied to this poor girl. Lied, man. She deserved better.
Ahh.
But Jesus, Pat, if she's as special as you say, she's going to want to hear about the things you did.
I don't know. I guess... it just seems that women today are more impressed by the mighty buck than by some schmo who spent the last seventeen years scraping by on Peace Corp wages.
Why didn't you just tell her the truth?
Dumbshit.
Oh yeah.
Yep.
The sawbones?
Ah, I got a date tonight with that Mary girl I told you about.
So where the hell are you, Healy?
You found my car?!
Uh, I'm fine. Just wanted to let you know I'll have your car back in a couple hours, I'm still staking out this girl's apartment.
Sully, it's Healy. What's going on over there?
Who the fuck is it to you?
Hello...? Sully...?  Sully, that you?
Ah, fuck ya then, you big pussy. What are you, spotting?
Jesus, you know what? This shit doesn't even taste good to me anymore.
Bet your ass you are. Now I don't want to hear anymore of your happy horseshit. You gotta learn how to bend a little or believe me... you're gonna break.
Am I?
I'm worried about you, man. You better learn to have a pop once in a while or you're gonna fall off the wagon. You're being a fanatic and that ain't healthy.
No I can't.
This is a light beer. You can't have a light beer?
Healy, what I just tell you?
Here, just have one of these then.
Is that right? Well good for you, Sull, I'm proud of you.
Yeah, well when you quit blow, you gotta quit the booze, too.
What are you talking about? You were never an alky, you were a cokehead.
Nineteen months I been sober.
Relax, he just ate.
Tell Bill to get the fuck off!
Take it easy, that's Bill.
Yeah, and you don't drink any less, right?
Not for me, buddy. I don't drink anymore.
Fuckin' animals. Hey, what do you say we go grab a couple drinks.
What can I tell you? It's a healthier lifestyle down here, and it's easier to succeed when your head's clear. Those guys I worked with back in Boston, they were a bad influence.
Okay? With this pad, the killer wheels? Looks like you really cleaned up your act.
I'm doing okay.  I gotta get ready for work.
Very nice.
Big time.
Stalker, huh?
Nah, some guy threw me a few bucks to track down his high school girlfriend.
You should thank me -- that girl was not easy to find. What'd she scam you out of-some insurance dough?
Thanks.
Here's the info you asked for.
You hot shit. Ya look fuckin' pisser.
Fucking Sully! Look at you!
Healy you dog!
Are you crazy? Why would I pick you? You're a murderer.
I say none of us leave this room until our young Mary here stops jerking us around and decides once and for all who she wants. Now Mary, I know this is difficult but you really will be doing them all a favor to tell them the truth about us.
Who the hell's Woogie?
Woogie, please, you're starting to scare me.
Uh, hey buddy. Oh boy, am I pissed. You're not going to believe this -- well, you'll believe it, there's no reason not to -- but I just got beeped for emergency surgery. Well, um, sorry, but I'm going to have to bail on you.
Hi, I'm out drinking champagne and roses... and I'm really happy. Leave a message. BEEP.
We're gonna go out tonight. Oh, that reminds me, I've got to call what's- his-face and cancel.
No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sure.
Not to worry. So... see you tonight, right? Right?
Are you okay?
Warren!
Urrggghh...
Forget it. It was... fun.
How's my stomach taste, she says.  Hey thanks for picking up the lunch tab, Mare. Sorry I forgot my wallet. I feel like a dog.
You look great.  Hey, Mare, do I have a rip in the back of these pants?
All set.
Hey, watch your mouth -- she's a great gal. I'm the dumbshit for lying to her.
Turn it up, Magda.
Huh... that's strange.
Fuck!!
Nah, really, it was moronic.
Come on, what were you going to say?
No, forget it, it was stupid.
What?
Mary ah, forget it.
Well, I'll see ya.
I guess.
Yeah... I guess this is it, huh?
So...
Wow. I thought I was the only one.
Yeah.
-- Love story of our time.
Pat, I'm not kidding. I really think it's the greatest --
Ouch. Come on, don't bust my chops. I know it's corny, but I do love it.
Harold and Maude is my all-time favorite movie.
Huh. I guess I just wish they made them like they used to. You know, something like The Heartbreak Kid... or Harold and Maude.
A fucking moron.
No. But the Boston Globe critic Jay Carr hated it.
Have you seen it?
Try to be. It's tough going with the crap they make today. If Dumb and Dumber's the best they've got to offer I say thanks but no thanks.
You're a movie buff?
Ah, I'd sell that. Start fresh in a new place, quit the architect game, slow things down, read more books, see more movies...
Why bounce when you have your own condo in Nepal to go to?
You know, sometimes I wish I could be like Magda and not go home. I'd like to just bounce around for awhile, do a little traveling...
Yeah, I think it's that dog of hers running around on the rug all day -- just makes for a lot of lint. Look at this...
Lint?
Sadly, no. Well except for the lint.
And it doesn't cramp your style?
Magda? She's not my grandmother -- actually she rents the apartment right next to mine. Her husband passed away a couple years ago so she doesn't like to be alone.
That grandmother of yours -- she's really something.
When you look at architecture, try not to concern yourself with the pieces -- look at the building in its totalitarianism.
How about -- ?
That...? Vestibule.
Would you call that a portico or a vestibule?
Deco.
Is this one art deco or art nouveau?
We just got here thirty seconds ago. Isn't this stuff great?
What say we get outta here and go crush a bucket?
I know he's around here someplace.
The architecture exhibit! My friend Tucker is going to be here. He's an architect, too. You guys will have tons to talk about.
A surprise?
We will, but first I have a surprise.
The museum? I thought we were going out to dinner?
Here you go.  What's that smell?
Fine. Fine.
Great.
Sorry, Pat, out of beer. You like vodka?
Wow, I've never seen him like this. He doesn't usually like guys.
Oh, Pufferball likes his little tum- tum rubbed, doesn't he now?
Look, uh, I was thinking maybe we should go have dinner sometime.
Yeah, it's fun for them, but it's heaven for me.  Those goofy bastards are just about the best thing I have in this crazy old world.  Ooh, hey, I gotta run.
That sounds like fun.
That's what I said, so I went out and got him a leash you know, one of those clothesline runners for the backyard. He's got plenty of room out there to dig. The kid's really blossomed. Now I can take him to ball games, movies -- you know, happy stuff.
They keep him confined? That's bullshit!
Well it's more of an enclosure really.
-- He's in a cage?!
-- There's this one kid, we call him Mongo on account of he's a mongoloid. He got out of his cage once and --
No, I mean
The hell with that. No one's gonna tell me who I can and can't work with.
Isn't that a little politically incorrect?
You know...  ...the guys who ride the short bus.
I beg your pardon?
I work with retards.
What's that?
I'm kidding. Yeah, I guess you could call me an architect -- it's just a job really, a way to keep me moving. My real passion is my hobby.
Well, just until I get my PGA Tour card.
Are you... an architect?
Some buildings I'm working on.
What are you doing with all these blueprints?
It's right there on your golf bag.
How'd you know that?
I already know it, Mary.
Don't you want to know my name?
Pat Healy.
By the way, what's your name?
Same here again.
Well, it was nice meeting you, again.
Thanks.
Here. Spend it on your trip to Katmandu.
Not 'til you get about three hundred yards from the summit. That's been my experience anyway.
Wow. That's a place I've always wanted to go. Is it true the mountains are so tall you can't see the tops?
Well... it's just a condo really. Right outside Katmandu.
You own a home there?
Not in months. I don't even know why I bought the damn place.
Nepal? Have you been?
Oh cripes. Do you have change for a dollar? All I have is these stupid Nepalese coins.
No thanks.
I'm gonna get a soda, you want one?
Thanks.
Yeah, don't talk in someone's backswing.
A girl after your own heart, Ted.
I'm just saying I don't mind a guy with a bit of a beer belly. It means he's a guy. You can have those pretty boys who hang out in a gym all day staring at their reflections.
Why the fuck would I do that? I'd be screwing myself.
Are you telling me you didn't send Mary a letter outlining our deal?
What?
I'm talking about the letter, asshole.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well you didn't have to blow us both out of the water. Jesus Christ, just because she found out about you, why'd you have to take me down with you?
That's right, hot shot! My turn. What's the matter with me, huh? Why can't I ever get the great girl? Give the big pig with the B.O. to Healy, right? Well I was sick of it, man! No more -- it was my turn. It was time for me... time for me... to be happy.
Your turn?
Yeah well fuck you! You just can't stand the fact that it was my turn.
You're a sick man, you know that?
Oh Christ... poor dog.
That's right -- if you weren't you would've looked for her yourself!
What?! You're calling me a stalker?
Turn her over to a stalker.
Do what?
Look, you asked me to follow your girl around, and I did and I started to like her, and then I realized I just couldn't in good conscience do it.
Answer the question, shitball.
What do you mean 'why'?
You fucked me, man? Why would you do that?
Surprised?
Hey, hey, hey!
Fetched a pretty penny, too. Don't forget, it's the Sumo culture, they pay by the pound there. Sort of like tuna.
Mary's a mail-order bride?
You've heard of mail-order brides? Well they go that way, too.
Japan? What's she doing in Japan?
Okay, tell you what: I'll get her number for you just as soon as she gets back from Japan.
Oh. I thought  That's not it anyway. I know this doesn't make any sense to you, but I just can't turn it off that fast. I still feel something for her.
It's a goddamn bunion. It'll heal.
All the same, I still want to call her. I know it sounds crazy -- Mary sure has a lot of troubles in her life -- but, I don't know, maybe I can help her out.  The poor thing's had it tough -- she's in a wheelchair for Godsakes.
I said buttplug. She's heinous.
But you said she was a sparkplug...?
Rollerpig? Are you nuts?
Well I think you're right, I should look her up.
Good good.
Look, uh, I've been thinking about everything you told me.
Yeah, I don't know why but I always felt at home in the fronton.
Jai alai?
Yeah, this insurance business is too slow for me. I'm going to go down and try my hand at jai alai.
Miami?
Oh, uh, I resigned.
What are you doing?
You sure, big guy? I'll bet she'd love to hear from you before her mastectomy!
Uh, that's okay.
Ted? Don't you want the name of the housing project?
Thanks, Healy. Good work.
Anyway, the good news is I have all the information you need. Got it from her bookie -- nice guy. You should definitely call her, Ted. I mean she's a real sparkplug, that one. She seems determined to get those rugrats off welfare and with your help I'll bet she does it.
It's just that... Mary. I wouldn't have thought...
Don't look so shocked, it's been a long time. I bet you've changed a lot over the last twelve years, haven't you?
She's in a wheelchair?!
Hyperactive little fuckers, too. Tough to keep up with in a wheelchair, I bet.
Oh my.
Well I'm guessing. There's a black kid, two whites, and a midget.
Three different guys?
Four kids, three different guys.
Huh?
Nope. Never been.
So she's married?
But you know, you shit out a bunch of kids, you're going to put on a few pounds.
I'd say about a deuce, deuce and a half. Not bad.
Mary's a little chubby, huh?
Well she must've packed on a few pounds over the years.
No, not at all.
That I couldn't say. Let me ask you something: Was she a little big-boned in high school?
So she hasn't changed?
Right there in Liberty City. And you were right, she's really something.
So you found Mary?
I think your life's about to change.
Really?  Very, very?
I've got some very, very good news for you, my friend.
You get fifty a day, period. It's a business trip, they'll pay for your expenses.
I get one hundred a day plus expenses.
Look, let's forget it. Let's forget the whole thing.
Sure she is. That's why she got an unlisted number and you haven't heard squat from her in a dozen years. Oh you're good, Ted. You're a real piece of work.
I'm not a stalker! She's a friend of mine.
Do you really expect me to believe this is a straight stalker case?
You can't be serious.
You want her dead, don't you?
No.
She's blackmailing you, right?
No.
Ted, I'm the kind of guy who shoots from the hip. Now I want you to level with me: Did you knock this skirt up?
You don't buy what?
I don't buy it.
I don't know, maybe you could poke around for a half day and see if she has five kids and a Labrador.
Don't play games with me, Ted.
Well, I know you're busy...
All you want is a phone number?
She moved to Miami Beach twelve years ago. I checked directory assistance down there and she's not listed. She might've moved ten times since then.
Any idea where I might start looking?
Uh-huh.
So, Dom tells me you're looking for some lady-friend you knew in high school.
Look, if it wasn't you who sent the letter, and it wasn't me who sent it?
Oh... Sully.
Don't flatter yourself -- I was following her, I always do. How the hell you think I got rid of Mary's boyfriend Steve?
You were following us?
Like I'm going to try to figure out a guy who's idea of courting is blowing farts in the chick's face
Oh that makes a lot of sense. Why would I rat myself out?
I swear! I didn't tell her nothing! You probably did it yourself, you piece of shit.
You fucking prick, we had a deal -- you said you wouldn't fuck me and I wouldn't fuck you until we had this fuck out of the fucking picture.  You crossed the line, man.
What?
You little fuck.
Sully...! What the fuck happened here?!
Hey, this is a pretty nice place.
Ho-ly shit.
I never said that.
That seems like a lot of speed for a little pooch -- you sure it won't kill him?
Four.
How many is that?
Fucking sickening.
That stalkin' son-of-a-bitch!
Why you son of a --
Future wife? Get real, man -- you're nothing more than a glorified brother in her eyes.
What line? The day you first laid your oily rap on my future wife you started a war!
Hey, hey, hey, I'm not the one who started telling bald-faced lies about the competition -- that's crossing the line!
Oh yeah, the plan was going along just fine until you showed up.
Nice.
Friend. Baseball bat.
How'd you manage that one?
Just dumb luck. I delivered a pie to her one night and she answered the door in her nightgown -- that was it for me. I went home that night, shaved my beard, and a week later I was laid out in her office with a broken back.
And you met Mary how?
...So then in '94 I went back to Dade Community College for a semester and when the Wal-Mart cashier job fell through I hooked up with the Pizza Barn.
Bullshit!
I knew shit. The only thing I knew was that you were a fake and I made up everything else.  My real name's Norm. I deliver pizzas.
But... but you knew people at Harvard.
I mean I'm a fucking fraud. I'm no architect. Don't be a putz -- who's been to Santiago twice in a year?  Estadio Olimpico -- please!
What do you mean?
I'm a phony -- just like you, man.
You heard me, goddamnit. I... I love her.
You what?
Who?
That stalker Ted got to you, right? You're working for him, aren't you, you little shit?
Maybe this'll jog your memory.
Whoa, whoa -- I don't know what you're talking about.
Who the fuck do you think you are making up that bullshit about me?!
Okay, Pat, take it easy -- don't do anything stupid.
Oh look, it's Doob! Will you excuse me a minute, Tucker?
You know, I really should take your card.
Uh, sort of nouveau Deco... with a big vestibule. Check it out next time you're up there.
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with it. What style?
No... just down the street, the Amigo Tower.
Did you build the Estadio Olympico?
Do you know the... soccer stadium?
Absolutely! I was there twice last year. Which building is yours?
Have you been to  Let's see -- Santiago, Chile?
Nice smokescreen, isn't it?
Really? But he's been married for twenty years -- they've got six kids.
You mean him.
Well, I'll tell her I ran into you.
Kim and I are close friends!
Among others.
Did you study under Kim Greene?
You bet.
Harvard?
Yes yes, I did get my degree up there.
Boston, huh? Did you get your degree up there?
Mainly I work out of Boston.
Same here.
Pleasure to meet you, Patrick.
Huh. That sounds great.  Unless someone else comes out with Six-Minute Abs.
Well it's the company motto: 'If you ain't happy we'll send you the extra minute.'
How do you guarantee that?
Bingo. Especially since we guarantee you'll get every bit as good a work- out.
I'd go with the seven.
Think about it. You walk into a video store and you see Eight-Minute Abs and right next to it you see Seven- Minute Abs -- which one you gonna spring for?
I see where you're going.
Two million copies it sold last year. Two million, man. But not next year -- my idea's gonna blow them outta the water. Get this:  Seven-Minute Abs.
The exercise tape? Sure, I've seen it on T.V.
Yeah, you wouldn't believe my idea -- it's a home run. You ever hear of Eight-Minute Abs?
'That right? Good for you.
A salesman -- that's what I am. I mean, I'm gonna be anyway. I'm starting my own company -- video sales -- just as soon as I get enough seed money.
Hm?
Oh. Well I am.
Nah. I'm... I'm nothing.
Sucks. So what's up? You some kind of salesman or something?
That must make it tough.
I know how you feel -- I been standing in the same spot for the last five hours. You know it's against the law to pick up a hitchhiker in this state.
No prob, I could use the company. I've been on the road going on fifteen hours straight.
Thanks for picking me up.
I don't want someone who'll put up with him. I want someone who will enjoy him, the way I do. Do you know what he told my friend Tucker? He said he would've popped the question a lot earlier if Warren wasn't in my life.  Well he is in my life and I'm goddamn lucky to have him. The hell with Steve.
What? Steve seemed to put up with Warren.
Ah, she's okay.
Is that old crab still with you? Mary, you said you were putting her up for a month -- it's been a year and a half.
I don't know, it was complicated. He's in San Francisco, I'm in Miami.  Besides, Magda's psychic dog hated him.
All right for awhile? The guy's good- looking, rich, witty. He was a god.
Yeah, Steve. Steve was all right for awhile.
Oh come off it, Mare. What about what's-his-name... Steverino? You could've at least passed the baton on that one.
No I'm not.
It means you're too hard on guys.
What's that supposed to mean?
Yeah, and you'd probably dump the poor guy halfway to Katmandu.
But here's the rub. The guy I'm talking about has got to be self- employed.
Jeez, I don't know where you're ever going to find a guy like that.
I'm sick of these calorie-countin' pansies. Give me a guy who likes kielbasa and beer and playing thirty- six holes and still has enough energy to take me and Warren out to a ballgame.
I can live with those reflections.
Ugh, not pecs. Sounds like one of those guys with a fish-net shirt and a banana hammock.
No, it should be 'a hockey player with great pecs.'
Ah, he was being a pest so I put him in the bathroom.
Where's Puffy?
Oh, hi hon. Just straightening up.
The little shit lied to me about that guy!
Magda!
Puffy, get over here.
Holy shit...
I can't do it -- I just found out it's his birthday.  I guess I've gotta cancel on Ted.
You vicious bitch, how do you sleep at night?
Kind of. Ted Peloquin -- one of the sweetest guys in the world.
An old flame?
Oh no? I ain't seen you beaming like this since you broke ninety on the Blue Monster.
Love? Come on, I wouldn't call it love.
Knock it off, Pollyanna, just 'cause you're in love doesn't mean everyone else has to be.
So maybe I could find a nice gentleman to take you to the movies.
Don't bet on it. Last time I had a pap smear the guy needed leather gloves and an oyster shucker.
Don't get ahead of yourself. You'll probably need it before I will.
Back when I was your age I always used to make myself a big banana split after sex. I think you're gonna need one tonight.
Why?
I'm buying bananas tonight.
Healy.
Hey hey, what did you say Pat's last name was?
Must have a sweet tooth. See if you can find some cookies.
Bundt cake?
Oh, yeah, of course, dear.
Sure.  Uh, Magda, why don't you get some more cheese and crackers...?
Fuck kindred spirits. My little Puffy here's gonna tell you all you need to know about this guy in about two seconds flat. If he starts yapping, he's a loser; if Puffy's relaxed... well, you got yourself a keeper.
The point is, love isn't about money or social standing or age, it's about connecting with someone, having things in common kindred spirits.
That's exactly why I don't watch 'em anymore -- it's bullshit! Why the hell would an old lady go for a young kid?
This one's almost thirty years old. It's about a young kid and an old lady who fall in love.
I don't watch the new ones.
Come on, Magda  It's like that movie Harold and Maude.
Then why you going out with him if he's a schlep?
You know, a mookalone, a schlep.
What's a mook?
I don't know. He's kind of a mook.
What's he like?
He's no Steve Young.
Good lookin'?
Name's Patrick, I met him at the driving range.
So who's the lucky guy?
No time, Magda, my show's starting.
Jesus, Mary, you gotta hear this -- some cop's staking out this broad's apartment.
Okay, you win. Now try to get some sleep, huh.
That's because there's a lot of bad people out there. Hey, Puffy tried to warn you about that Steve guy you was seeing -- he was a fucking asswipe -- but you had to find out for yourself, didn't you?
Magda, Puffy barks at everybody.
I confirmed it on the scanner. I knew something was up because Puffy used to bark like hell whenever he saw him and you know Puffy only barks at bad people.
You picked that up on the scanner. We gotta move.
Meaning these are the people you live amongst, you got a right to know if they're creeps. For instance, did you know there's a guy down the hall cheating on his wife?
Meaning?
These ain't strangers, they're neighbors. This only picks up signals in a half-mile radius.
Neighborhood Watch? Is that what you call listening in on stranger's phone conversations?
Bet your ass I have. It's an important job, Neighborhood Watch is.
Have you been up all night again?
Oh Jesus...
Name's Norm. I live up in Pompano with my folks.
You mean he's not a criminal?
Uh, well... not exactly. You see, I exaggerated a little there.
Yeah, yeah. Okay, I think I know what to do. I'll call him right now.
Don't get all gooey on me now, you'll give me a big head.  The important thing, Doctor, is you've got to distance yourself as much as possible without pissing this psycho off.
Magda's right, I'm so lucky to have you in my life.
Okay, just calm down. It's going to be okay.
I can't believe this is happening. I'm supposed to be meeting him in an hour.
I've got a friend in the Boston police department. He faxed me this this morning. I'll just give you the highlights.  After a short stint as a petty thief, Patrick R. Healy graduated to armed robbery by the age of fourteen. At sixteen he committed his first murder -- a pretty teacher's aid named Molly Pettygrove. He was incarcerated until age twenty-two when, despite a grim psychological profile, the state was forced to release him. In his mid- twenties and again in his early thirties he was suspected of homicides in the states of Utah and Washington. Unfortunately, the bodies were so badly decomposed that there wasn't enough evidence to hold him, and on and on and so forth and so on.
What...?
Mary, the man's a killer.
Tucker, I appreciate you doing all this, but I'm really strapped for time here and --
I think you'd better sit down.
Well... I've got a little more news about your friend Healy.
What's up?
Thanks, but I've got to be going. Unfortunately, Doc, this isn't a social visit.
Can I pour you one?
I appreciate you looking out for me.
I mean let's face it, Mary, you're beautiful, you've got money, you trust people -- I'm just saying, there's a lot of psychos out there.
No no no, Tucker, thank you.
I thought so. Anyway, I hope you don't think I'm being meddlesome. I just think you should be careful with this guy.
Look, it's just that something about him struck me as odd last night. He gave me this funny vibe. Anyway, I called some friends back east. They don't know of any architect named Patrick Healy and he's not listed as a Harvard alumnus.
I've been looking for a guy -- not one of these South Beach pussies.
That's what you've been looking for -- a farter?
Not long at all, but I really like him.  Okay, I know he's a little different, Tucker, but that's what I like about him. He's a guy. A real guy. He dresses like a dork and eats corndogs and he isn't always politically correct and he probably farts, too. And that's okay with me.
Well that's what I'm trying to figure out. How long have you known him?
He's a nice guy, isn't he?
No no, the bigger the better.  But I must say, they could be a little brighter. Nothing's sexier than a mouthful of pearly whites.
You don't think they're too big?
Tucker, you look different some how. Did you do something with your hair?
What's up, Doc?
Where would I have seen your work?
Pat does projects all over the world.
Hey, no kidding? Where are your offices?
Pat's an architect, too.
Really.
Really?
Get over here.
Oh yeah, that'd make golf real fun -- the guy doesn't even drink beer or gamble.
But but what about Steve?
But I think I'd be happiest... with you.
I... I just want you to be happy, Mary.
Ted...?
You forgot your keys!
What what are you doing here?
You're Woogie?
Woogie and I went out for awhile in high school.
Okay.
Go!
Mary, come on...
Please leave.
I did it because because I'd never stopped thinking about you and if I didn't find you I knew my life would never be good again.
Then what the fuck did you do it for?
Mary, I swear I wasn't trying to trick you.
What did you think, Ted? That you could spy on me and trick me into thinking you were someone I could... really go for?
Well yeah, I didn't know much about him. I just thought --
That you put a murderer on my trail?
Wait, hold on, Mary -- it's not as bad as it sounds. I certainly didn't know --
Get out.
Toy poodle!
Uh, Mare, what kind of dog is Puffy?
Yeah, sure.
Um, Ted, I need a moment with Magda -- would you let the dog out of the bathroom.
All right, let's go.
That's really sweet, Ted, but you should save it for one of your books.
Well... to be honest... I'm really crazy about you and it's making me nervous and when I get nervous I'm not myself and I'm afraid I'm going to doing something really dumb before we get started so I think I should just lay back until I regain my composure.
Why not?
Look, Mary, the truth is... I'll be in town for a while now but I don't think we should see each other for a few weeks.
Ted... you're not that far ahead.
Uh no. I think I'm gonna get out while I'm ahead.
Yeah... almost.  You want to come up and watch Sportscenter?
Wow. That's too bad. He sounds almost perfect.
...and then it was all over.  We haven't spoken since.
I don't know... My friends think I'm too picky. I think I'm just a weirdo magnet. I did come close once -- just last year, in fact. There was this guy he lived in San Francisco.
What about you, Mare? How the hell'd you manage to stay single?
That's right. And the good thing is you can do it anywhere.
We'll see. If it doesn't, what the hell, at least I gave it a shot.
Well good for you. I bet it works out for you.
Trying to be.
So you're a writer?
Ah, my roots here are too deep. I love my practice, the people I work with, Warren's got a nice thing going  Why don't you just move down here and marry me?
Well... why don't you move back?
We've got a lot in common.
Yeah?
It's too bad you don't live down here, Ted.
Not to mention ketchup and hot peppers.
I like it. And think of the toppings -- cheese, mushrooms, mint jelly
You know what I'd like to see? Meat in a cone. You could put corned beef hash in a cone, or chopped liver.
I agree there should be more.
I say they should put more meats on a stick, you know? They got a lot of sweets on sticks -- popsicles, fudgesicles, lollipops -- but hardly any meat.
Nitrate-sicles -- I like that.
That's more like it.  Two more nitrate-sicles please.
Okay, sometimes I'm a nineteen.
Bullshit, a twenty-two doesn't carry a one-iron -- don't sandbag me, lady.
Twenty-two.
What are you?
We should play some time... I mean, if you can afford to lose some money.
No short game.
You hit the ball pretty good for a fourteen.
Well, lucky for me I found out. Thank God I have friends like Tucker.  Look, I'm sick of talking about stalkers.  Let's talk about you.
Jeez, Mary... I'm...
I mean he murdered someone and did time back in Boston. The guy's a freak.
Now by killer, you mean...?
Oh great, I ran out.
Sure.
On your ear, you've got something.
Hm?
What's that?
Thanks.
You look great.
Hi, Ted.
Hey.
Mary, we haven't seen each other in twelve years.  Don't make me wait another day.
I'm kidding. I'd really love to, Ted, but the thing is I already have plans. How about tomorrow night?
Jeez... that sounds awful. Hey, what do you say we go out to dinner tonight, catch up on old times?
Nope, haven't walked the plank yet.  There was this guy back in college who was bothering me... got kind of ugly -- a restraining order, the whole bit. Anyway, when I got out of Princeton I changed my name as a precaution.
Oh... are you... ?
Actually, it's Mary Brooks now.
Nope, nope -- dodged a few bullets.  God, I cannot believe I'm standing here with Mary Jenson.
Well you look great. Are you married, do you have kids?
Funny story. You see, me and a buddy of mine decided to... ah... you know... just... drive down.
Oh. So... what brings you down here?
No, it was a good thing.  I mean, good in that it was very quick.
Oh, Ted I'm so sorry to hear that.
He's dead.
By the way, how's he doing?
That's weird. I talked to your brother Jimmy five or six times.
Really? I never got a message.
I can't believe he remembered you. He never remembers anybody.  You know I tried to call you for weeks after that.
Oh yeah, healed right up. No visible scars.
And did everything -- ?
Yup, that's right. Junior prom... kinda.
Oh my God... Ted.  What are you...? I can't believe this. I haven't seen you since --
Who's that?
You asshole, what are you --  Mary! Is that you?
You betcha!
Ted, I'm so sorry. Are you going to be okay?
Just a minute.
Ted, are you okay?
Oh yeah.
Are you all right?
Oh. Okay. I gotcha.
I'm sorry. I should've told you, he's got a thing about his ears.
Hi, Mary.
Hi, Ted.
I mean dumb in the sense that they only happen once a year.
'Cause I thought maybe you and I could go if you weren't already taking someone.
Oh, I don't know. I think proms are pretty dumb.
The prom -- you going?
Huh?
So who you taking to the prom?
A real Clydesdale, huh Warren?
Oh he can hold you. He weighs two- hundred-and-thirty pounds.
No, a couple of the players and me were joking around and, uh, I fell off the school.
Oh, are you on the team?
No, it's an old football injury.
Hey, you're limping. Did you just hurt yourself?
Thanks a lot, Ted.
Oh yeah. Fine.
No, that's really unneces --
You're looking at him. C'mere and take a look at this beauty.
I don't know. It's not like it was a well thought-out plan.
How the hell'd you get the beans all the way up top like that?
One guess.
I think a little of both.
Is it the frank or the beans?
She's a dental hygienist. She'll know what to do.
What?! No please, sir --
Shirley, get in here! You gotta see this!
Shhhhhh!
OH FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!
It?  Oh it. All right, these things happen, let me have a look. It's not the end of the world.
It.
You got what stuck?
I, uh... I got it stuck.
I wish.
What seems to be the situation here? You shit yourself or something?
I was playing a trick. I-I-I had a baseball.
Jesus Christ, guy, what the hell were you doing?!
Prom? You're about twenty minutes late. She just left for the prom with her boyfriend Woogie.
Um, hi, I'm Ted Peloquin. I'm here to take Mary to the prom.
Yeah? What do you want?
Teddy, be brave.
No, no, please!
I mean is it... is it...?
What do you mean?
Just relax, dear. Now, um... what exactly are we looking at here?
Would you shhh! Mary's gonna hear us.
Teddy, hon, are you okay?  OH HEAVENS TO PETE!
Oh.  Oh, that's a good one.
Charlie, that's mean. Come on in, Ted. Don't listen to Mr. Wise Guy here. He's a joke a minute.
Yeah, I'll bet you all were. Come on, in the truck.
No! I was pissing!
Look, son, this'll only hurt for a second.
No, no, no, I'll be fine. I'll just hang my shirttail out and work on it in the morning.
Well, there's only one thing to do.
Is that bubble what I think it is?
I wasn't trying --
Now I've seen it all. What the hell were you thinking?
Everything okay here? Neighbors said they heard a lady scream.
Oh God.
Ho there.
I think I was very clear, Ted. If everything else falls apart, maybe.
Okay.  So is that a yes or a no?
Yeah, so... I'm gonna wait and see what happens there... But that sounds great, yeah.
Uh-huh.
See, the thing is, I heard a rumor that this guy I like was gonna ask me.
It's no big deal, whatever I mean, if you want.
Great. Great.  So listen, uh, I was wondering if maybe you wanted to go to the prom you know, with me.
Eh.
So what's up?
Hey.
Bye, Ted.
See you, Warren.
Huh...?
See you, Warren.
I'm gonna take a rain check.
Good, Ted. Piggy back ride?
How are you doing, Warren?
Jesus, I think her brother spotted me.
Franks and beans!
Giddy-up.
We're here, Warren. You wanna get off?
I don't mind. If you think he can hold me.
Piggyback ride.
And I will only issue such instructions when ordered to by the President.  John Paul Jones... you don't understand a thing, do you, Admiral?
Yes, sir.
This was not the President's intention when he gave that order. What if the Soviets don't see the distention? What if they make the same mistake I just did?  There will be no firing anything near ANY Soviet ships without my express permission, is that understood, Admiral?
With all due respect, Mr. Secretary, we were not firing on the ship. Firing on a ship means attacking the ship. We were not attacking the ship. We were firing over it.
I believe the President made it clear that there would be no firing on ships without his express permission.
Get out of our way, Mr. Secretary. The navy has been running blockades since the days of John Paul Jones.
Starshells.
What --
Yes, Captain, you may proceed. Clear your guns.
Admiral, I asked you a question.
Carrying out our mission, Mr. Secretary. If you don't mind, we're very busy right now. We need to be able to do our jobs.
What are you doing?
We've been hailing the Groznyy for the last hour, Mr. Secretary. The Groznyy refuses to stop.
We're concerned about the possibility of an incident with an innocent cargo carrier. If it turns ugly, the Russians could use an ugly incident and bad world opinion as leverage to force us to remove the quarantine.
Which is exactly what they appear to be preparing to do, Mr. President. We're tracking 26 ships inbound to Cuba. There's no sign they're changing course. The closest ships, the Gagarin and the Kimovsk, will make the quarantine line by this time tomorrow.
Tomorrow...
Tomorrow...
With the caveat that it is not made public in any way, shape or form.  And we must have an answer tomorrow at the latest. I cannot stress this point enough.
Of course. Our pledge can be relayed to any government official Secretary Khruschev sees fit to satisfy.
And it can be relayed beyond Comrade Khruschev's ears to the top circles of my government
Yes.
This private assurance represents the word of the Highest Authority?
Doesn't matter to me. If I went down in history like Adams, I'd die happy. All they say about him today is --
How does a guy get a rep like that?
Yeah, but the country didn't even exist as a country yet. It was a mess, and he didn't have a leg to stand on.
He didn't have to worry about nuclear weapons.
We were just debating who had it worse, us or George Washington and his guys.
That's all well and good, but what do we say to 'em?
He gets it, but he's pissed.
McNamara's on his way back here now. We need to pick the right ship. No subs. No armed boarding parties either. We need a little more time to figure this one out.
We're going to have to stop a ship eventually, show the quarantine's got teeth, or we'll prove McCone right.
We've got bigger problems right now.
We have to pull him. He's not going to be able to handle the Soviets in front of the U.N. Zorin will eat him alive.
Somebody had to say it. I respect Adlai for having the guts to risk looking like an appeaser.
Goddamn Stevenson. Jesus. Peace at any price. You'd think nobody learned anything from World War Two.
Then you'll call, right?
Well, I'm not.
What if I can't?
I want a consensus, Bobby. Consensus. Either air strike or blockade. Something everyone'll stand by even if they don't like it. I need it by Saturday. Make it happen.
We're split down the middle. If I held a vote I think airstrike would beat blockade by a vote or two.
Lying bastard. Lied to my face.
We keep 'em in the dark as long as we can. But I sure as hell am going to test him.
There's still no sign they know that we know about the missiles. Been a lot of cloud cover; probably think we aren't getting any good product.
Tonight, listening to Taylor and Acheson, I kept seeing Burke and Dulles telling me all I had to do was sign on the dotted line. The invasion would succeed. Castro would be gone. Just like that. Easy.
As if dealing with the Russians wasn't hard enough, we gotta worry about our own house.
We can't worry about everything right now. We've got to figure out what we're going to do before we worry about how we do it.
What about the allies? Congress? I think we may need to start letting key people know. And they're all scattered across the country for the campaign. We're going to need to get the U.N. staff in and warmed up. Jesus... I don't even know if we've got secure communications with half our embassies since that the Soviets got that cryptographer of ours.
So if there are alternatives that make sense -- and I'm not saying there are -- we need 'em. Need 'em fast.
He's right, Jack. Taylor is saying we may have some time. We've got to use it.
Complete snowjob. And then we went out and told the country they weren't putting missiles into Cuba.  By the way, you realize we just lost the midterms.
Did you have any indication of this from Georgi? Any possible warning or sense of motivation?
Jesus Christ, guys. What the hell's Khruschev thinking?
Where the hell are you?
Good.
Kenny. It's over.
Yeah?
Just wanted to see for myself.  They're burning their documents.
Smoke.
Slow down. Smell that?
Because we knew we could do a better job than everyone else.
We gave so much to get here. I don't know. Sometimes I think what the hell did we do it for?
And if there has been a coup and there is no acceptable political solution?
So now you've got to talk him out of it. And then we've got to figure out an acceptable political solution.
All right, so maybe we overestimated how reasonable this trade would look. Okay? You happy? So now what?
-- Jesus, Mary and Joseph. I told you how stupid it was to float the Lippman article! But you wouldn't listen to me. What if there hasn't been a coup at all? What if it's you two who invited that second letter by raising the possibility of a trade?
The Jupiters are obsolete. They were supposed to have been dismantled last summer anyway --
And Jack wants to trade the missiles in Turkey.
And?
They want us to take our missiles out of Turkey along with the no invasion pledge. It looks like Fomin was a ploy after all, and they were just stalling for time.
What does the letter say?
We're getting everyone together as fast as we can.
We just got a second letter from Khruschev. The deal's off.
Helen and I went out for breakfast. EXCOM's not supposed to convene til eight.
Where've you been? We've been trying to find you all morning.
He better. Because nobody thinks he's up to this. Nobody.
Adlai can handle Zorin. He knows the inning and the score.
-- I'm just trying to make a point. This idea is that fucking bad.
My father --
Something your father would've come up with.
Oh, still sore about this.
What's gotten into you?
Then talk to your brother, goddamn it. The two of you don't need any advice to get into trouble.
Zorin will eat him alive!
You can't take him out this late in the game.
Adlai's too weak! We have to convince Jack to pull him, get McCloy in there.
We can't do that, Bobby.
Rescind the order. Can all the Chiefs. Put Nitze, Gilpatric and the Undersecretaries in charge.
Jesus...
Give it a rest. You were thinking the same thing, just didn't have the guts to take the heat.
What happened to speak when spoken to?
He's right. And things are happening too fast. It smells like the Bay of Pigs all over again.
Jack, I'm as conniving as they come, but a sneak attack is just wrong.
It'll be the principals, a couple of the key guys from each department: the Executive Committee of the National Security Council. We'll call it EXCOM.
It's too politicized with you in there, anyway. They need to be able to stick their necks out.
I'll do it.
We got a bunch of smart guys. We lock 'em up together in there, kick 'em in the ass til they come up with options.
They're going to be pressing for a military solution soon. We can't afford to let them ram their agenda down our throats. We need to come with options other than air strikes so we have some sort of choice here.
...I know. CIA and the military fucked us on the Bay of Pigs.
The other thing is...
You mean there's something more important than votes? Didn't think I'd live to see the day, Ken.
Who gives a shit about the midterms now? The Soviets are putting nuclear weapons ninety miles away from us.
Says what, Kenny?
Every day the sun comes up... says something about us.
It shouldn't have. But it did.
Yeah.
The sun came up today.
You know I don't mean they're weak.
-- You listen to me. Nobody, nobody, talks about my friends that way. You're fucking here right now because of the Kennedys. They may be wrong. They make mistakes. But they're not weak. The weak ones are these 'people' who can't speak their own minds.
Jack and Bobby are good men. But it takes a certain character, moral toughness to stand up to --
No it isn't. They don't trust the people that feel this way. But these people are right. And the Kennedys are wrong.  We need you to tell 'em, Kenny. They'll listen to you.
Yes it is.
Christ, Ken, you know it's not that easy.
Then they should speak up.
You gotta stop 'em. We know it's Jack and Bobby's idea -- they leaked it to Lippman. The military guys are going ape, and they're not alone.
I think it's a bad idea.
What did you think of Lippman's column this morning?
I just checked myself.  They're being issued identity cards. Call comes, and evacuation officers meet them at pre-arranged departure areas. They go by helicopter to Mount Weather. We meet them there.
Helen just asked me what sort of arrangements we have for the families.
Cuba.
What's it about?
No, Ken. I need to see him now...
Hey, Mac. You're up bright and early.
48 hours. In 48 hours there can be no deals.
John. How much time?
Time is of the essence.
And the second condition?
And, of course, the U.N. must be allowed to observe the redeployment of forces from the American Southeast.
Yes. From the Highest Authority. There are two conditions. The U.N. must be allowed to inspect the removal of the missiles.
This is from the Highest Authority?
That is correct.
So I understand you correctly. If the missiles in Cuba were dismantled, returned to the Soviet Union, and a guarantee was made not to reintroduce them, the United States would be prepared to guarantee that it would never invade Cuba?
I am instructed to tell you that the American Government would respond favorably to an offer along the lines you have discussed. If this solution were raised at the U.N. by Ambassador Zorin, he would find a favorable reply from Ambassador Stevenson.
The Soviets are in control of the SAMs. It's hard to believe with their centralized command structure that it could be an accidental launch.
Does this attack on our plane represent a definitive, intentional escalation on the part of the Soviets?
Understood, sir. We need to step up the overflights, finalize our pilots' target folders in order to be able to carry out the strikes.
Then we have no choice.  General, issue the warning orders to our forces. They will be prepared to execute the air strikes Monday morning and the follow-on invasion according to the schedule thereafter. I'll need the official release orders on my desk Sunday night.
Mr. President, there is another possibility we haven't considered. This may not be a coup at all.
So which one of you geniuses can tell me how to explain ourselves to the world? How do we work with them if there's been a hard-line coup?
General, the Joint Chiefs have just signaled our intent to escalate to the Soviets. You have signaled an escalation which I had no wish to signal, and which I did not approve.
We are not at war, sir, not until we're at DEFCON 1.
-- I have the authority. I am the commander-in-chief of the United States, and I say when we go to war!
All right. Then I guess it's time.
Still heading for Cuba.
Guess we can't blame Khruschev for a few patriotic farmers. And the ships?
We've just begun the mobilization under cover of a pre-arranged exercise, sir. We're looking at another week and a half, Mr. President.
How long until the army is ready?
Yes, sir. Our best option is to commence the strikes before the missiles are operational. The invasion happens eight days later.
Is this the Chiefs' recommendation?
Yes, sir. We can be sure we get all the missiles, and we remove Castro so this can never happen again.
An invasion...
We have high confidence in the expanded air strike option.  The problem, Mr. President, is that it's a short-term solution. Khruschev can send more missiles next month. The Chiefs and I believe we should follow up the air strikes with the full version of OPLAN 316.
McCone's been notified and is coming back from the West coast. Carter's here, though.
Max.
No. I'm glad I'm home.
I saw you out there. You want him to call you back, need you.
A thing like this... who could even think of winning?
-- we got a back channel communication from Khruschev this evening feeling us out about a deal. He confirmed it just a little while ago in a letter to the President. I think we've won.
If you're home it means either Jack and Bobby have finally figured out what a con man you are and fired you, or --
I'll be evacuated with the President.
What happens to you? I'm not leaving without you.
Nothing. Nothing you don't know about. Tomorrow's the big day. Just have the car ready to go if I call or if the Civil Defense Warning comes on.
What's happened?
I don't know, Helen. I want you to keep the kids close tomorrow. Leave the T.V. on, sleep with it on in the bedroom until I tell you you can turn it off.
When are you going to be home?
Kids are supposed to get detention.
Don't forget, Mrs. Higgins wants to talk to you this afternoon about Kevin. You need to do something about this.
This is about Cuba.
Well, you know how Bobby has it in for the State of Mississippi.
There are major rail disruptions in the South, two airborne divisions are on alert. That exercise is an invasion.
I'm giving you a chance here: talk to me. You can influence how this thing unfolds.
Why don't you ask him yourself? You can have him on the way home.
Yeah? Who was he talking to? Acheson? Come on, O'Donnell, everyone's wondering what's going on. What's Acheson doing in town? And don't give me some bullshit about DNC think tanks. Acheson's Mr. Cold War.
He was.
Kenny! What happened? They didn't let me up front, said the President was on the phone the whole time.
Deal.
Tell you what. We're in Connecticut tomorrow for Ribicoff. I'll get you up front with him during the flight.
It's Tuesday. You said to call. When do I get my 45 minutes?
Let him talk to me, he makes Macmillan look good, I print it, the British public likes it, Macmillan owes you.
Forget it, Scotty.
Pretending there isn't a problem won't fix it. He can clear the air on Anglo American relations.
I'm doing a piece on Skybolt. I hear Macmillan's meeting with him in Nassau.
Well. There is a new civil rights initiative he wants to talk about.
Three weeks before midterm elections? You need me.
I said his heart, not his attention.
I want an hour with him.
Busy. But you've got his heart.
How's my favorite President?
Back to work.
What about you? Where are you going?
Get back out there, kid. Remember to hit 'em hard.
I, uh...
I guess you won't be coming home tonight.
Yeah.
Hey, sport. You winning?
Wrong, and you get to wax my car.
Dean Rusk!
Secretary of Defense...
And we do it under the table so we can disavow any knowledge of it.
We give them something. We tell them we'll remove the missiles from Turkey say, six months from now so that there appears to be no linkage. We also tell them if they go public about it, we deny it and the deal is off.
Okay, Ken. We're going.
Don't take it to court, but we've got good circumstantial evidence...  Walter agrees. My gut's telling me Khruschev's turning to a trusted old friend to carry his message.
You're sure...
They know each other! Khruschev and Feklisov aka Fomin were war buddies!
I've got to move. What do you have, Kenny?
Hello?
Zorin must not have gotten instructions. Somebody in their Foreign Ministry's blown it big-time.
Didn't know Adlai had it in him. Too bad he didn't have this stuff in '52.
Yeah, a good political solution.
Jesus Christ, O'Donnell, you're the one saying we need to move forward on a political solution.
Then somebody'd better deny it publicly.
It's a goddman trial balloon. Trial is the operative word, here.
If we made a trade, we'd be giving in to extortion, and NATO would never trust us again. We'll get clobbered in world opinion.
I don't want to listen to this again.
Oh, just a bunch of crap about withdrawing our Jupiter missiles in Turkey if the Soviets'll do the same in Cuba.
What's that?
And we can't purge the Chiefs. Our invasion talk will look like a bluff. Or even that there's been an attempted coup.
He's right, we can't rescind DEFCON 2. The Soviets will think we've gotten sweet on them.
Have to hope it's a signal that he'll back down on the real issue too.
We can horsetrade with Khruschev on ships. But it doesn't get us any closer to removing those missiles.
Any problems, you remind them those chains of commands end at one place. Me.
That's going to be tough. You know how these guys are about their chains of command...
Maybe it's harder for them to say it than they let on. At the very least, they believe it's in our best interest. And at the end of the day, they may end up being right.
How does a man get to a place where he can say, 'throw those lives away,' so easily?
I'm gonna protect those pilots.
I'm your political advisor, and I'm giving you political analysis here. This is a setup. The Chiefs want to go in. It's the only way they can redeem themselves for the Bay of Pigs. They have to go in, and they have to do it right. It's that simple.
Fair enough. But Castro's on alert and we're flying attack planes over their sites, on the deck. There's no way for them to know they're carrying cameras, not bombs. They're going to be shot at, plain and simple.
We need those flights. We have to know when those missiles become operational, because when they do, we need to destroy them.
What about these low-level flights? They're starting in what? An hour? Do you realize what you're letting yourself in for?
I know, I know...
All right. 'Cause you get armed boarders climbing into Soviet ships, shots being fired across bows...
In the morning I'm taking charge of the blockade from the situation room. McNamara'll set up shop in the flag plot at the Pentagon, keep an eye on things there.
I don't like what's happening.
They want this fucking job, they can have it. It's no great joy to me.
You'd worry that something was wrong if Congress offered you unconditional support.
I don't know. I don't know.
We have to try the blockades. It probably won't work. It may just be delaying the inevitable. But we can't just go to war without trying not to.
Damn right I'm scared.
You're scared to cancel on Daly.
I'm not calling and canceling on Daly. You call and cancel on Daly.
No way.
I don't care. Cancel it.
You don't show for Chicago, everyone'll know there's something going on.
Have you canceled Chicago and the rest of the weekend yet?
Cheer up, you've neutralized the entire White House Press Corps for a day.
Let's get out of here.
There is no expert on this subject, no wise old man.
Acheson's scenario is unacceptable. And he has more experience than anyone.
Call me Irish, but I don't believe in cooler heads prevailing.
Then we need to do a few things right away. No Pierre. He knows, the press knows. You're going to have to keep up your schedule -- your movements are followed too closely. And we need to get these guys out of the White House. George Ball's got a conference room at State.  Reconvene over there this afternoon, come back here tonight.
Okay. Kenny and I only show for the meetings you call us into. Impress us. And do it fast.  You're in charge of keeping this quiet. If word gets out before we know what we're going to do, there'll be panic. And it'll ruin any chance of surprise if we decide to hit them.
There've got to be alternatives to just going out and bombing them.
No choice. This is going to cost lives any way we go. Do nothing, and it could be 80 million of ours. We have to get rid of those missiles.
Good.
Should be here any minute.
Not as far as the election goes.
Still think Cuba isn't important?
Today, for your information, is Pulaski Day. We're going to Buffalo...
So what've we got today?
I was, you bastard.
No you weren't.
I was eating that.
And if this is a move to appease the hard line, then it may just be the bone he needs to regain control of his own house.
At least it will expose whether Khruschev has been overthrown. We'll know what we're dealing with.
You were in the room. It was your purview. It was your job to make sure Bissel wasn't fucking us over and you didn't do it. You've got the most important job in the world right now. You're the smartest guy the President has.  Besides me.
-- you sonofabitch, goddamn it, I didn't drop --
Listen to me, goddamn it. We're talking about a possible nuclear war. You dropped the ball on Bay of Pigs --
You must think I'm blind and stupid. I've already gotten the birds and bees from Bobby. The President doesn't have to double-barrel me.
Of course it is. But the President needs to realize we're going to have to stop a ship eventually.
Moving the line. Stroke of genius.
Six months from now, I'm not going to care. Are you? We'll deal with it.
It's transparent. The press'll be all over it.
Jesus Christ...
My specialists are in agreement: this morning's letter is not Khruschev. Last night's letter was.  The evidence supports only one conclusion: there has been a coup, and Khruschev was replaced overnight.
That may be what they want us to think.
That may be why Khruschev's introducing this guy. We've been burned by his usual players in the formal channels, so he brings in an honest broker.
Why else would they approach us in this way? It's deniable. The Soviets have done nothing but lie to us. This could be more of the same.
Dangle a settlement, tie us down in negotiations, we come up short...
Will somebody find out what's going on?!
Just a second, Mr. President.
Captain, belay that order!  Bob, where's that coming from!
Mr. President! We're receiving reports that the ships are stopping!
Captain, force the sub to the surface for inspection.
I'm afraid not, Mr. President. The sub has positioned itself between the Pierce and the Soviet ships. Admiral Anderson insists it's too much of a risk to proceed with stopping the freighters. The Pierce would be a sitting duck for the sub.
Bob, is there any way we can avoid stopping a submarine first?
We've worked up several military scenarios. Before I ask General Taylor to lead us through the various options, I'd like for us to adopt a rule. If we are going to strike, we must agree now that we will do it before the missiles become operational. Because once they are, I don't think we can guarantee getting them all before at least some are launched.
Bob?
Sleep is for the weak, Mr. President.
Bob. Bet you had a late night.
Don't have one, Carl. I have a number, man. Just like the numbers on those treasury checks. You stole from your own country, Carl. Shame on you.
Jesus Christ, Larry, what the fu-- Larry. That's not even your name, is it? What's your real name, you fucking scumbag?
We are one-dimensional, boring peddlers of fine carpet, Carl.
Rug samples.
Anyone stops us going in, we're with the Bowen-Hamilton Textile Company. We have rug samples.
Breathe, Carl. Four, nice, deep ones.
Heroes ain't supposed to shake. I'm shakin', man, look at me.
You're my hero, Carl.
Yeah.
Don't get too attached.
Hey. Nice tie.
Hey.
They can lead us to Jimmy. Just let them go. We're tightening the net on him. We know he's on the reservation.
They're going to kill me next. That's what I hear. These new Indians are destroying everything. Our people are a quiet people.
Our police are afraid of them. Please get them out of here.
Mr. Clear Moon.
Oh, I'm set, Sir. I'm set.
Are you hungry? I have some nice raw kidney in the truck.
I see.
Yes. Rooms thirteen and fourteen are on Indian land.
I thought we were staying on the reservation.
The only good Indian is a dead Indian, does that old adage still hold true out here?
You know how in your big cities, you got your niggers and you got your Puerto Ricans? Well out here we got Indians. That's just the way it is.
Again. Figures, man.
A murder. On the reservation.
FBI? What you investigatin'?
Brooks, what's a perceptive fellow like you, doing in a joint like this? Let me buy you a glass of some of that Russian shit you like.
Hey, Brooks, come over here. I want you to meet a coupla fellas from Denver.
Now keep that between us, Dennis, cuz I don't know what kinda Johnny Law they got here.
-- don't "man" me, Jimmy. Where's the key?
You think I killed him? Cuz he was an apple? Well, let me tell you something about Leo, Man --
Your good friend Leo Fast Elk.
What's this about?
That's right. What are you doing here? This is a religious ceremony you're desecrating.
James Looks Twice?
What are you doing?
Different culture. Hard to penetrate. The Indians don't like white cops poking around. And that's why we're in a position where we have to bring in an American Indian agent.
The main problem is, Ray, these people are extremely distrustful of outsiders, non-Indians. Relations have not been amicable.
It's not the first. There's been several. And our field office in Rapid City is getting a lot of heat... none of the investigations have turned up jack shit.
Ray, there's been a homicide out in an area known as The Badlands. Indian Reservation.
Sioux Indian, right?
Interesting bloodline you have, Ray.  French, Scots-Irish, Italian, ...and one-eighth American Indian.
Oh, yeah -- right.
Levoi, Cooch. Raymond Levoi, Criminal Division.
His mother needs a piece of his hair. It's for the Keeping of the Souls Ceremony.  Has to be kept for four days.
What the hell you doing?!
Goodbye.
-- violation of the Major Crimes Act on an Indian Reservation is within the jurisdiction of the Federal Bureau of Instigation. I know that.
-- did you understand me when I said that --
Respect the dead, Hoss. Because when --
You ain't gonna cut his hands off and send 'em to Washinton, are ya? They done that to one of our girls once. Leo did quillwork, he's gonna need his hands.
Somebody must be doing something somewhere in your jurisdiction, Officer Crow Foot.
Good. Thank you.
-- an Indian Reservation is within the jurisdiction of the Federal Bureau of Intimidation. I know that.
Tell him, Ray.
What journey?
Leo's gotta get to burial, Brother. He's gotta make the journey.
No. No, that's Ray, here. Ray, uh...  Ray... Little Weasel.
We got the wire ya was comin'. You're the Indian official, yeah?
You're a wise-ass. Ray check his wallet.
I'm a full blood Oglala Sioux, born and raised on this reservation.
I know where I am. I'm on federal land, doing a federal investigation, and if you don't wanna cooperate you can take a ride in a federal car, and spend the rest of the day in a little room, answering federal questions. It's your call. Who are you?
I think maybe you guys got off the wrong exit, yeah? This is the Bear Creek Indian Reservation.
Who are you?
It ain't Geronimo.
Nice piece. You come back here to cover your tracks, Geronimo? What's your name?
Leo's been out here too long, man. I'm taking him to ceremonial burial.
Taking ol' Leo somewhere?
Let the press through.
Ray...
No way, Cooch.
Come on, Ray. Come forward.
No. We neutralized enemies of the United States. Anti-American radicals who have killed federal officers out here!
We neutralized anybody with a voice. Leo, Jimmy... Eagle Bear. Anyone who was standing in the way of the land. Is that it?
We were sworn in on the Constitution to protect federal matters, Ray. I don't know about uranium, I don't know about Red Dog Table -- all I know is we did our job. It's over.
-- if they mine uranium there, these people will have no place left to go...
This was a Selective Operations Unit, Agent Levoi. There is classified information pertaining to our national security. You don't question that, you don't go digging into that shit -- that's insubordination. Jesus Christ --
What is it? It's genocide, that's what it is. It's a Pay Zone for some U.S. corporation and a Dead Zone for the people here. Uranium, Cooch.
-- what the hell is Red Deer Table?
You didn't tell me about Red Deer Table --
You ever put your hands on me again and you'll be doing the books for a baitshop in the fucking Everglades, Mister.
Cuz I want New York.
Why?
Listen: when we get back tomorrow, you're gonna find Tully laying a promotion on you. S.A.C. He wants to prove that his yuppie agents are making good. He's offering you New York. Tell him you want Atlanta.
-- never mind Eagle Bear. We've got Jimmy nailed. Let's go!
Sorry, Cooch. I lost Eagle Bear --
Never turn your radio off! I thought I was gonna find you scalped! Damn it!
Yeah. I... I fell asleep. I can't believe it. I --
Jesus, you alright?
The Little Walking River. You're right. This is part of it. So whoever sunk this car didn't compensate for drought. Goddamn.
And it was full of water when I drove by here three days ago. Full. I mean... a river.
Yes.
Tread matches. It's the car.
-- Cooch. Woh. Stop.
Well, she's running now, too. These fucking people like to run, don't --
Eagle's claws and a bear's balls that's what her profile says.
She's that subtle?
It may have been Maggie's way of saying "get off my ass."
He's out there. He's out there playing Sitting Bull with us. I want the motherfucker so bad I'm getting a bleeding ulcer.
All I could think of was... not here. I don't wanna eat it on an Indian Reservation, three thousand miles from home.
Bastards...
And get rid of the dog.
Thanks, Cooch.
I'll sleep around a little.
Yeah, alright, alright -- fuck you -- give a yuppie a badge and he wants to take over the world. Go get a tail on Eagle Bear, and stay with her. Cuz Jimmy's gonna show. And I want you to make the collar.
Alright. Alright...
Ray. I never get into bed with somebody unless I know for sure. Just the way I was raised.
I just wanna make sure no one else gets done in that way because we were in bed with the wrong doer.
Your first homicide, that's gonna happen, Ray...
I'm not trying to pull against you, Cooch. I've just been having nightmares about the way Leo was killed.
You weren't sent here to go off on your own detail, Ray. You were sent here to assist in a Selective Operations Unit. These regional agents are inept -- that's why they were sent out here to The Graveyard, to Indian Country. I need you behind me, Ray. Not pulling against me.
-- I know. I fed it, and I can't get rid of --
Today. And now you -- there's a dog in the van --
When did we get that?
Genetic ditto on evidence found at the site with evidence you found in his belongings. An incontrovertible motive. And definite footprints on Jimmy Looks Twice at Maisy Blue Legs house.
Whoever dusted Leo, dusted him from the driver's seat of a moving car then drove those eight miles to the Badlands. Jimmy Looks Twice has never been behind the wheel of a car. It's a known fact out here that he's petrified of driving. His parents were killed in a car wreck.
The right man? Talk to me, Ray.
A long way from home. You be careful out there.
Cooch.  Where the fuck did they send us?
Jesus, I don't know. You tell me. You're the Indian.
Cooch. What's the Fort Laramie Treaty?
Her oil pan is shot.
Her own people start to suspect her, it creates discord from within. The Warriors don't know who to trust, they start infighting, and Jimmy loses his support.
Why we setting Eagle Bear up as an informant?
That's good goddamn work, Ray. Let the salmon run. Let 'em run Upriver.
I gave it back to her.
Let's see it.
She took something from the house. What she called a medicine bundle. Most likely Jimmy's.
She talks a lot of shit. We're not doing our job. Jimmy's innocent. "What's the FBI really doing here." Some shit about the Fort Laramie Treaty.
What'd she say?
Alright. Alright.
Easy, Cowboy. No vendettas on my ship. Now: remember what I told you about Nam? Watch the grass, watch the trees, watch the shit house, be on your toes, and if we get committed, don't hesitate to empty that sucker.
I'd just like five minutes alone with the motherfucker who hung that flag upside down.
Jimmy Looks Twice put Leo's head through a glass door of the tribal offices three months ago. And threatened him several times since. President Clear Moon and the regional FBI feel he made good on that threat.
They obviously wanted it to be known that they offed Leo. Some kind of statement.
That's right.
White eagle feather through the circle. That's their symbol.
One of the leaders of the Warriors of All Red Nations. Militant organization.
Who is he?
Cooch. You're my hero.
Meet me at base. Over.
I've got the doer. I know who he is.
Go ahead.
I got one up on ya.
How'd you know?
Maisy Blue Legs place?
Good.
Couldn't sleep.
I already did.
Get the plate numbers off everyone of these cars.
Water. Worth killing for out here, I'd think.
Ray Levoi, Sir. Pleasure.
No. That's Ray here. Ray...
Beats the hell outta me.
Keeping of the souls. Do they still burn their dead or something?
I think Leo's retired from quillwork for the moment.
Leo's gonna need his hands, Cooch. He does quillwork.
We'll have to give Leo a refund. Because he's gotta go to the M.E. In case you don't know, Officer, violation of the Major Crimes Act on --
Leo has to take the journey, Cooch.
-- a fucking cop.
Who the fuck is he?
I did.
Check him out, Ray.
This is a restricted area.
Ray.
Somebody was serious about doing this guy, that's for sure.
That's what it looks like, doesn't it? But that's what a ten gauge, choke-bored, shotgun will look like when it hits your lower back from five feet away.
Six rounds. 357.
No. I consulted it. We're going into Indian Country, I wanna know what kind of individual is covering my ass. Don't you?
You crashed my file?
Hey, hey, hey. J. Edgar would've loved you. He'd love anybody who joined the bureau to, what was it? "To enforce the laws of my country and protect her interests"?
Airborne. That's where they used to get us agents from. Now we get 'em from Carnegie-Melon, Ivy League. Accountants and computer whiz-kids. Yuppies with guns.  That's scary shit.
Were you in Nam?
The agents who have worked out here say its like going into Nam. Unfamiliar terrain, foreign language, foreign customs... and you never know when you might walk into a few rounds. They hold a lot of old anger for the white man out here.
Jesus...
Those are two agents who went into a reservation a few years ago to serve a warrant. They were executed at close range. That one there is a police officer killed by the Mohawks up in Canada more recently.
Seven.
I didn't know him, Sir. He passed away when I was six.
No, Ray. You're gonna have to blame that on your grandmother.
South Dakota...  Did I do something unsatisfactory, Sir?
If you ever need a place to come back to and listen to the trees a little... we'll be here.
You take care.
You didn't have another vision...
I'll have to see what the visions say about that one.
Some Indian time?
You bought her some time, Kola. Ain't never gonna be over... but you bought her some time.
What about the water...
We're in there. We're in there --
That's it. The Stronghold. Get us in there, we got a chance.
We're going for The Stronghold.
They got us sealed. What are we gonna do?
He hasn't left this place in twenty years. They got him.
He's gone.
Bullshit, let's get outta here,
Hoka Hey. It's a good day to die.
I know. Come on. We gotta get off the reservation or we're dead.
Ain't no Council Fire, Brother. Clear Moon...
Ray.
You go to the council fire. I'm going back in.
Ray. Ray, don't let go now, Man. Ray...
He's looking at a few hundred years in Leavenworth. He's not gonna come out without a fight.
I thought it was a rare case of a brother getting a break in the courts. We did an honorin' song for him and everything.
What we need... is Richard Yellow Bird.
Alright. Shit's comin' down. He's callin' council fire. All the old chiefs and the warriors, too. I gotta be at Grandpa's place in two hours. We need to get the tribe together. We need to block this thing.
Yeah. It's time to beat the drum. You better wait here. He don't trust the white man.
This Clear Moon's house?
Listen to the water... the river keeps goin' down then rising again.
So they took care of Leo.
Leo knew about it. Tried to tell Jimmy, get the Warriors involved.
We're standin' on broken treaty ground, Ray. This ain't supposed to be here. It'll poison the water.
That's what we're doing here. National interest. National security. Only this time it's not gold. It's uranium.
What?
1868...
Uranium. Test holes. Somebody came in from the Nebraska side, and did some shotgun testin'. They're gettin' ready to suck this baby dry.
Jesus. Oil?
Ain't prayer flags, that's for sure.
What's that?
Stop.
What the hell do you want me to do?!
Bullshit. You had a vision. You got sign from the old ones.
Yeah. Fitful dreams.
Maybe it was just a dream. Ya know, just one of them, what do ya call 'em, fitful dreams?
We've driven a long way. Where is this place?
I'm a full-blood Oglala.
Sorry.
You had a vision. You had yourself a vision. A man waits a long time for a vision. Might go his whole lifetime and never get one. And along comes some instant Indian with a Mastercard and brand-new shoes, has himself a vision.
Nothin'. Forget it.
What do you mean?
Sonuvabuck! What's with you, Man? Who are you?
Well, it was just a dream, I --
You were running with the old ones. At The Knee. Heavy duty.
At Wounded Knee. I mean, that's where I was, and that's where the dream was. Why?
Where was this?
Just before we caught Jimmy... I had a dream that I was being chased. And I was running with other people. Old- fashion Indian people. I got shot in the back. Like Leo.
Oh yeah. Dreams. Sometimes durin' sickness. Vision quest. Sweat Lodge. Ya never know when.
Do they come in dreams, these visions?
No. So we can do what the old man said. Red Deer Table, Walter. We have to go.
Why? So you can get rid of me, too?
Crow Horse, listen. You have to come with me.
You got Jimmy. Let her go.
Nowhere. I'm trying to find her.
Where's Maggie? Where'd ya take her.
Crow Horse, listen --
Five-hundred year old turtleshell rattle...
No. I was sent here cuz I'm Indian. And a good cop.
You think you was sent here cuz you're a good cop?
I can't, Hoss. I don't talk to FBI's.
Next time I'll be ready. You get the word to who ever it is.
Yeah. Jimmy's prints are there. But they cross over Benjamin Black Star's prints. And he wasn't there until six o'clock the mornin' after to get eggs from the chickens. So Jimmy wasn't there til the next day. Follow?
They found prints at Blue Legs' place.
Still after Jimmy?
And I don't give a goddamn about whether you wear a badge or not, Crow Horse, but I didn't cut you.
You tell me. You tell me who went to the B.I.A. -- Bureau of Indian Annihilation and said I was messin' with your case, man. I don't give a goddamn about your case.
What are you talking about?
Not no more.
Cuz you're a cop.
Cuz I'm a skin?
Cut the shit. You shouldn't be in here, Man.
You're right about the old man. His power's long dried up. He's supposed to be a medicine man but he won't go see the people. He says we changed, and we don't listen. Well, he don't go out and talk no more. I haven't had a drink in three years but I just turned my sobriety chip into that man behind the bar, and this Hoss is gettin' watered.
Jesus Christ. You're hammered. What are you doing?
Agent Little Weasel, Federal Bura of your Imagination.
Likewise.
Take care of yourself, Walter.
You ain't no Indian. You're a Sal Mineo Indian.
I can't be dicking around here. That's all I'm saying. I don't carry crystals, I don't wanna come back in another life. I just wanna do my job, and do it right, and get the fuck outta here.
What's real to you? Wall Street? Capital Hill? Now they are myths.
It's not real.
What you call myths, we call our history.
Not Native American myths and legends. I'm with the FBI, Walter, remember? Not National Geographic.
What'd you expect to hear?
-- no. No offense to the old man. I appreciate you trying to help. But I put my ass on the line coming out here, man.
Ray --
Walter. When I fill out my 302, do I say that evil spirits are killing everybody on the reservation?
Heavy, heavy duty. Taku Wakan. Wanagi Spirits. It's one of those few places we'd never go to as kids. Still don't. Some of the old people say Crazy Horse is buried back there. We have to go Ray. Together. Like his vision.
Don't tell me: heavy duty.
Red Deer Table, Ray.
A what?
I can't do that,  It's a Rolex.
Grandpa traded with me.  Goodbye.
Hey. Hey, those are my sunglasses you're wearing.
Go catch Jimmy, Ray. Really. He's gettin' away. Go ahead, go get him. I'm late.
The old man? He's gonna tell you who killed Leo?
You want solid? That one, single, print he left in the Badlands -- the one the FBI missed and then stepped all over -- it belongs to a man who walks heels first. Like a white man. Jimmy has a serious Ind'n walk -- ball of the foot first. The man who murdered Leo walked like a Wasi'cu.
That's not solid.
The connection is, it did a head number on him. He's petrified of cars. Won't drive. I've known him all my life, and he's never gotten behind the wheel of a vehicle. He rides passenger and he rides horses, and that's it. The man that shot Leo down was behind the wheel of a moving car.
I don't see the connection.
Was-te. 'Cept for one thing. Jimmy Looks Twice was nowhere near there. Ya see, when Jimmy was twelve years old, his mother and father was killed in a car wreck right down there near Elk Mountain.
-- Leo Fast Elk was sitting in the outhouse at Maisy Blue Legs when a car pulled into the yard. He came out, approached the vehicle then saw that the man behind the wheel was Jimmy. He tried to get back into the trailer, but the car came highballing at him. He started running for the open grass. With the car moving, Jimmy hung his shotgun out the window, took aim -- missed once, hitting the shitter -- fired again, and severed Leo's spine. Leo fell, rolled, and came to a stop in the grass. And some chicken feed. Stale chicken feed with four days mold.  Electromagnetic printing.
So did this one. Wambli is a rare and sacred creature. When someone finds a dead one, the feathers get around the res. We share everything. A lot of power in the eagle feathers. But you think that's bullshit too, don't --
She's your sister?
Jimmy didn't do it, Ray. I checked it out. You can stop taggin' my sister.
I see. Forgive my cultural ignorance.
Don't be mad. That was just an old traditional gesture that means hello, how are you.
Go back to your DNA finger-printin'.
Listen to the water. Listen to the owl. He also said, don't trust the fucking Cookie Monster.
He also said "listen to the water."
The owl told him about Leo. That's incredible. I guess we just broke the back of this investigation, didn't we? Evidence doesn't get any harder than that -- not for my money. Is there anyway we can seduce this owl into Federal Court?
The owl is a messenger. When one shows itself to a Sioux... it means someone's gonna die. The owl told him about Leo.
So what?
He saw an owl.
And...
The old man saw an owl. Over there in the dry wash. Last week.
Because he was talking to me.
Why should I tell you.
What was he saying?
He just did the Gettysburg Address in Sioux. What did he say?
He said he doesn't know.
What did he say?
Sacred herbs. Tobacco. Don't worry, we don't smoke no Mexican agriculture in The Pipe. That's a white man's myth. This is a sacrament.
What's he smoke in that?
He says he saw you in a vision some time ago.
He knows me?
But he is not unhappy with you because he knows you.
He wants to know if you ever watch the Cookie Monster. He says the Cookie Monster is not to be trusted -- a trickster.
What did he say?
Good question. Hardly sees anybody anymore. Hasn't left this place in twenty years. Did you bring some tobacco?
Why does he wanna see me?
Medicine. As in medicine man?
Grandpa Samuel Reaches. Heavy duty medicine.
Let's go.
He sent me to find ya. He says he's got information.
They're sayin' that nobody's gonna talk to you cuz they don't give away one of their own. But they did say there's somebody way across the Little Walking River who wants to talk to you.
Is that right? What are the trees saying today?
You're an easy man to track, Ray. Ya walk like a penguin with a hard-on.
Easy. Easy... I'm goin'.
Thank God. Now listen to me, asshole. I'm giving you a break. But if my partner finds out you're here, you're gonna be reading rat tracks in Sioux Falls Maximum Security.
To us Indians, our spiritual relatives are as close as family. I've got seven mothers on this reservation. Sisters. Brothers. You ain't one of them.
His spiritual mother...
I'm talkin' his spiritual mother. Maisy Blue Legs.
-- his mother never lived here. She was from up in North Dakota.
Go back to the M.E., take a look inside Leo's exit wounds and tell me how chicken feed got in there. Trust me, there ain't chickens in the Badlands. His mother's place is --
Maybe you're not aware of this, Crow Horse, but I just flew in from a place called the Twentieth Century where we have such things as electrostatic tracking methods, psycholingusitics, DNA fingerprinting; I don't have to crawl around with the scorpions and talk to the fucking trees to get answers. Leo was killed right here.
You got no know-how. About Indian Way. Or about Jack Shit for that matter.
You've got no jurisdiction.
No, this is the home of the Oglala Sioux and I want the dog-fucker who killed Leo. Whether you get him or I get him, I just want him. Shit's been goin' on too long.
Is that right? Well, listen to this: drag your ass. This is a restricted area.
No. Not just a track. You gotta listen to the trees, man. To the leaves. To this sand, you FBI's kicked all up. You gotta listen to the earth.
You're trying to tell me you can read all that from a track?
-- Well, maybe two-seventeen.
Bullshit.
Big sonuvabuck. Based on the depth of that print, pressure releases... I'd say he goes two-ten, two-fifteen --
-- Leo wasn't killed here. He was dumped here. Out of a vehicle. Bald tread. Muffler held on with baling wire.
Hey.  Hey, you, listen up --
You're steppin' on sign.
What?!
Watch out!
What are you --
After we've completed our investigation.
I said when can Leo be taken to ceremony?
Great.
Wa-shee is like... a dumpling. Like tallow we put in stew. I think he was calling you chubby boy.
What?
NO.  My father never told anybody he had Indian blood. But he still used a few Indian words around the house. He called me Washee. Said it meant... good boy.
Your relatives must've taught you something.
You forced an innocent man to run like an animal. You've tried to poison my people's hearts against me with your manipulation, with letters I never wrote... you've been watching me eat, work, raise my family... wash myself in the river. And now you're here, arresting me at a sacred place.  In your eyes, that's power.
I desecrated it?
-- You desecrated it, it had to be burned.
You burned an American flag today. And left it for me...
Move it, Magdelana.
Grandpa Reaches says you come from heavy Indian blood. I used to think Grandpa was gettin' senile. Now I know he is.
When you see Jimmy, tell him the sooner he turns himself back into a human being and gives himself in... the sooner we back off this reservation. Okay?
Thank you.
I'm from Minneapolis. Fifth Street. I did four years at Dartmouth before I ever set foot on this res. So I know about the other world, Ray.
Look. You and I can stand here in a culture clash til the sun comes up, talking about what's right and what's wrong. You're from the reservation. It's a different world.
Try the Fort Laramie Treaty. All over again.
A Fugitive Alert for a murder suspect. Before somebody else gets a shotgun blast in the spine.
You're the FBI. That's your job, isn't it? Ya know how many of our Warrior brothers got killed out here? I never saw any investigating then. Why now? What's going down here?
Who did?
-- Leo was an apple, that's right. Red on the outside, white on the inside. And Jimmy hated him. Kicked his ass a coupla times. But he didn't kill him.
He tried to kill him twice before. That's a good place to start don't ya think? Leo was on the other side, wasn't he?
Jimmy didn't kill Leo. Why do you wanna do this?
Is that like an hereditary thing, Magdelana, or can one take classes?
You're not gonna catch him. He can shape-shift into different animals. Bear. Elk. Porcupine.
This Jimmy's?
That's right. Turn around.
You're the Indian FBI.
Yellow Bird committed suicide at three o'clock this morning. Some gung-ho agent from D.C. pushed him into a corner. You're playing a losing game. Pull over.
Yellow bird... is gonna sing.
I'm on my way back in. Over.
What are you doing on the reservation?
Ray. What's your 20?
X21. Come back.
They took it down, set fire to it, and threw it on the doorstep of room 13 at the Buffalo Butte Motel. Your room.
Good.
Remember that upside down flag back at Jimmy's house? Somebody took it down.
I read, Cooch.
Ray. X22.
Never mind.
Come back?
No plates. No registration. Serial numbers removed. And all prints washed off by the river. That's great. This is turning out to be a walk in the park, do you know that?
Okay, Ray. I'm coming in. If he starts to leave the area, move in. And hold him. Over.
I have a pick-up truck. No plates. Subject -- Indian -- entering suspect's house. Over.
Go ahead, Ray.
X22. Read.
Black Tail District, X22. You ready for this? Leo wasn't killed in the Badlands. I... I found the location.
X21, give me a 20.
-- your father was part Sioux.
Woh, excuse me, Sir... I see what you're saying... I've got a little Indian blood, that's true. But --  I am not an... an Indian. I can't just go in and --
With an Indian representative out there, we hope to keep hostilities dormant; this is a COINTELPRO, Selective Operations Unit, and it'll be easier on Agent Couture if you can gain the people's trust and maybe --
-- yes, Teton Sioux. Father's side.
I'm not that sure. Yeah, I think --
No. No, no. Thank you.
Do you want a coffee?
Mister Tully.
Ray...
All I know... is I did what I did... and I ain't in solitary, gettin' pumped up with downer, gettin' beat to shit. But I tell you what, Suit. Take me back. Cuz I can't take this shit no more.
Keep talking, Yellow Bird...
Red Deer Table! What's with you, man?
What's Tashka Sha, speak English, speak English!
I took him out before he got the chance. He didn't say nothin' about Tashka Sha. And now his spirit is in the dirt. Forever.
Leo knew something heavy and was trying to tell Jimmy. But you must not know how serious it was or you would have delivered. Do you realize what Leo could have told Jimmy?! Do you?!
What do you know about spirits? You ain't no In'dn.
You turned Leo over on his face. But the coyotes must've turned him back over, man, cuz his spirit is out. It's out, and it knows.
Miles. Three other suits. That's all I know 'em as -- suits. Were you there?
The men who came to see you at Leavenworth. The one's who made the arrangement... who were they? Maybe I can talk to them.
I blew his back out with a buffalo gun, that's how I know! Now you're gonna say I didn't, so you can throw me back in solitary?
How the hell do you know?
No way. No fuckin' way.
Leo Fast Elk... is alive.
What the fuck, man? What do you people want? I did what you wasi'cu's told me to do.
They sent me here, Richard because they said you didn't hold up your end of the arrangement, and I have to transport you back to Leavenworth.
They said I'd never see FBI again, and I'm livin' with you fuckers. I don't feed ya information on the Warriors, it's back to the pen. I don't do this, back to the pen. Your word against my word. Against a con Indian's word. I really got a chance, man, right?
Get up!
I get thrown in solitary until I don't know my own fuckin' name, and then you people tell me I can beat nine years if I help you. I helped you!
Get up out of the chair, and walk toward the backdoor, Richard.
What's with you people? Why do ya have to fuck with my head all the time? I came through, man.
Get up out of the chair, Richard.
What the fuck you talkin' about?
Not for long, Richard. You got early parole under the stipulation that you would help us in a situation, and you didn't deliver.
Yes, Washington sent me, Richard. They sent me here because this whole thing has been fucked. Do you know what I mean when I say this whole thing has been fucked, Richard?
Washington sent ya. I know that.
No. Can't say that I have, Richard. Richard do you know why I'm here?
You ever try solitary confinement?
Leavenworth a tough joint?
No, that was Leavenworth. This --  was Sioux Falls. What ya want?
At Sioux Falls Pen?
Since I got a iron pipe put across my knees, man. Fight with three wasi'cus, ya know.
Must be a bitch getting around in that wheelchair. How long you been in it?
What ya want?
Right on the flight line?
I live here, remember?
Oh...I'll think of something... What are you doing here?
You got your F-14, you got Top Gun, you got your MiGs....You're our new Top Gun instructor...Now what?
Well what?
Well?
I think I have... I could be wrong. I have been before. Just remember one thing. If you're not Top Gun, if you're not fighting jets, you're not gonna be able to act like a fighter pilot... You're gonna have to act like the rest of us. You're gonna have to master humility. For you guys, that's the toughest maneuver of all.
I hope you find him.
Hey, I never said I was a fighter pilot...I never claimed to think it was fun to be shot off the end of a ship in a storm. I can find contentment in a good book. I don't have to roar by someone at Mach two with my hair on fire. Sometimes...I just get happy being with the right man.
Big talk for someone who's never been shot off her computer.
And I'm gonna sneak off, and be by myself for awhile, like until I can think of a new career...hotel management or something...
...Something like that.
I've got a gift just like you do. My gift is I just know what people mean, even if they can't say it. It helps when you're trying to communicate with fighter pilots. Like what you just said was "I'm embarrassed, I feel I've done something wrong, that I've failed, and I don't think I can live up to the expectations of a wonderful interesting, intelligent woman like yourself." That about it?
How could you?
I know exactly what you mean.
I didn't want to see you. I mean, I did...but I didn't..
Long distance? I wouldn't do that to you. I'd at least talk to you.
I was, later.
You weren't gonna say goodbye?
We'll say it together. On the count of three...One...two...
Who's gonna win?
Looks like a tie.
Your watch.
One more.
And that's one!
That's three.
You didn't mean it. You didn't think. You'd do anything to take it back.
That wasn't fair. It was a question. Penalty round!
What does it mean?
That's up to you.
Off me or off you?
Take something off.
Now?
True.
Goose is dead.
The big one. The one that's most on your mind.
What truth?
You say the truth.  Go ahead. Don't be afraid. You want to win the game, don'tcha?
How does it go?
Want to play the game?
Not as silly as some. You know the silliest one? ...that we are gods. That we control events on the beach... that we can turn back time...
You're crazy.  That's a pretty silly game.
It's like strip poker, only, without the bluffing.  One person says something and if the other one accepts that it's true, the one who says it, gets to take one item of clothing off.
Strip reality! How do you play that?
It's strip reality, actually, like what the pilots always want to play.
How do you play reality.
I like to play "reality".
What kind of games?
I sit. I think. I play games.
What do you do when you come here?
Everything passes. Immutable law of the Universe.
It does.
Only when you're depressed. Then it passes.
Hardly ever.
You don't believe that.
Of course the line's just imaginary. You can cross it twenty times...nothing really changes.
That's what I want.
You look way out there. Out past the date line. West becomes East, all things change. You cross the line...today becomes yesterday...or tomorrow, I forget which.
Yesterday.
What?
I want it back.
What do you want?
No.
I don't think so, but if that's what you want...
I'm not good company. I should be alone.
Do what, show you a good time?
You don't have to do this.
Where are we? You know where we are. It's called the beach. It's where life first crawled up out of the sea. I come here sometimes... when I feel like crawling back in.
Where are we?
You knew it. You all do. It's part of it. Maybe the most important part.
Not to me.
Why? You act like you didn't know one day this would happen.
Maybe I shouldn't take it.
That's what you get flight pay for.
I was flying...my responsibility.
That's not what I hear.
He was a friend of mine. A good guy...great guy. It was my fault.
The dark side. The price you pay for all the fun you're having. You knew about it, of course. Didn't you?
What?
This is it, then.
I'm fine.
...they say you're alright.
Pawn shop. What's to eat?
Where'd you get it.
Just good luck.
What do you take me for? It's a Navy Cross.
Lucky charm.
Why, what's gonna happen?
Doesn't it ever bother you?
. Yeah!
Danger?
I don't fly in anything that doesn't show movies.
You ever fly an F-14? 
I'm still second best.
Well no...inverse order.
In that order?
Food...and you...my F-14!
I'm a professional. You guys are in my line of work.
Why?
No fooling on base, no signs, no comments, no talk. By anyone.
Anything.
I want it understood.
I don't know yet.
You always get what you want?
And now I want you.
And now?
I always wanted to fly... ever since I first saw a jet. I wanted to fly jets, then I wanted F-14's, then I wanted to fly off carriers, then I wanted Top Gun.
I don't know. I don't like being out of control.
You want to go ballistic?
Where?
Come on.
Thanks very much.  Care for some suchi?.
You're totally insane.
What?
It's just as I thought.
I watched my mother die. Cancer. She had a long time to think about it. They say you reach an agreement with death. Come to accept the fact that pretty soon you won't be here. I didn't see that. She... was very brave...braver than I am. You go up there, there isn't time to think. If you make a mistake, you're just a smudge on the ground. Simplifies funeral arrangements.
Are you really that brave?
What if you kill yourself? Think of everything you'll miss. MAVERICK There is lots of stuff I don't know about...  Fine wine... great art... the opera. I guess if I live long enough, I'll get to it. If I don't, I'll never miss it.
All you've got is one life. I guess it's worth about the same to every body. You ever see an old woman after her husband has died? And the meaningless years of decline stretch ahead...  When you're in the air and doing something really dangerous, you can look ahead... maybe ten seconds. That's your whole future. That's as far as it goes. But imagine what those seconds are worth.
What he said..."There's nothing so exhilarating as being shot at without result."
Winston Churchill.
That's it, of course. When I'm up there and doing it, I'm cheating it every second. I'm subverting all laws...gravity...whatever. I'm skating the edge of it.
You don't believe any of this. You don't think you'll ever die.
You know what really scares me? Living too long. Losing my hair and my teeth...and my guts and my wind. And my brains...Sitting in a room with my hands in my lap, watching daytime TV.
They know the rules... That's the deal. That's why you're up there. It's him or me. That's the price of admission.  It bothers you, why? You're part of it.   Everybody dies. Most people don't get to die for something.
Does it bother you?
About as much as they think about killing me.
You ever think about killing another human being?
Somebody does. It's more honest this way. You do your own dirty work.
You don't have to kill it.
You're not, cause you eat frozen meatballs?    Things die. Every time you breathe, you kill millions of tiny organisms. Every time you eat, something had to die.
You're horrible
It's not suffering anymore.
No!
I don't enjoy watching things suffer.
That's true. What are you?
You're an animal.
It dies. We live.

Why'd you do that?
Okay, anything. Just...go. I've gotta work.
Anything.
Make what?
Let's make it at eight.
I'm starting to sense that now.
I'm different.
Used to what?
Most of them invite me to sit in the cockpit...play with the levers and things. MAVERICK Well, get used to it.
What plane.
What about the plane?
A date... Coffee... A drink...A walk in the park.
Hard to argue with that, isn't it...
How about anything, anything you want to do.
How about what?
Don't worry, I'm a new strain. And I don't give up. Everything I've ever wanted I've had to work like hell for. Well, how about it?
And probably never again. It's nothing personal. It's just...I know a lot of pilots. Maybe I'm immune...
You have to shoot him down....If he's smart, he'll turn away before that happens.
What if he's not?
Uh hum.
Harmless!
I'm not your foe. CHARLIE And if he's harmless, you disengage.
You turn into him, check him out, identify friend or foe.
What are you talking about?
Some one comes up hot on your six, what do you do?
The what?
Maverick...you know the rules of engagement.
Evan... or Maverick.
Lieutenant...
I thought there was something... That night in the club...
I can't.
Give me a break, I'm asking you out.
Yes. I'll give you that!
I'm special.
I don't mix with the boys. I work here. Let's keep it professional.
Too aggressive?
There you go with those moves again.
Um. You.
Is that all? CHARLIE What else do you want?
Apology acknowledged.
That stuff about the MiG. I was out of line.
For what?
Well, what you need...what you have to keep looking for...what you want to get is a wingman who can stay up with you. Who can match you move for move. Then you've got something.  I'm sorry.
It is combat. Every second counts.
And far too aggressive.
What would you say, too fast...too quick...
You know, I'm assigned to this school. I see sixteen new hotshots every eight weeks. Your attention is flattering, but not really productive. Why don't you keep your mind on flying.
What would?
No.
You seemed determined to do that anyway.. Why didn't you tell me you were a famous MiG insulter? MAVERICK Would it have made a difference?
You let me make a fool of myself.
It never came up.
You know. The finger.
The what?
Two meters.
Two miles.
Two.
I was inverted.
If you were directly above him, how did you see him?
Yes, ma'am, At first. Then I was directly above him.
He was in a 4G Negative dive and you were on his six?
On his six.
Where were you?
Yes, ma'am.
Not in this case. CHARLIE  You saw a MiG push negative 4G?
Lieutenant, I have a top secret clearance. The Pentagon sees to it that I know more than you.
It's classified. Like Hollywood says, I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you.
It's what?
It's classified.
Where did you see that?
I saw a MiG do a 4 G negative dive.
You saw a MiG 21?
I saw one.
Why not?
No, I beg yours. But I don't think you're right on that.
I beg your pardon.
And I asked someone. CHARLIE You think you're pretty smart.
That's all!
Simple deduction. It's fast. It's pretty. Sleek and stylish...It's your color...matches your lipstick.
How did you know this was my car?
It would have been really embarrassing!
What if Captain Dawson had come with me?
Everybody's got to be somewhere.
Yeow!
I thought he'd never leave.
I'm with someone.
Can I walk you out?She turns back to him, a smile.
I heard of one once.
Was there ever a girl who didn't like fighter pilots?
Yeah, most likely.
And on to a bigger one with you?
Save you from a big mistake with that other guy.
How so?
I could be, too.
That's a big comfort to me.
Well, it is. It is that, too.
It isn't?
It's not that.
Now I know why all the girls come here. They know how horny you guys get. But this...is ridiculous.
Yeah. Hold this. It might be safer.
Uhhh...Anything I can do for you? She laughs again, doesn't know what it is...could be chemical, but she's instinctively attracted.
I'll bet!
Yes sir!
Outside of this gate... I...am Top Gun.
Sir?
Remember one thing.
Yes, Sergeant?
No sir! But you have to be ready.
Lieutenant... Is there... a Russian attack?
Yes sir!
Tomcats?
F-14's sir.
Lieutenant... What do you... usually fly?
Yes sir.
One SIXTH the speed of sound!
Sir. I was going Mach point one five.
Well?
Yes sir. I do, Sir.
Sir. You are going to give me a warning, Sir!
Well... What   is   it?
I'M UPSIDE DOWN. I KNOW IT. I'M GONNA EJECT.
NO JOKE, COUGAR. ON THE LEVEL. EVEN I WOULDN'T DO THAT TO YOU.
YOU BETTER NOT BE RAGGING ME... IF YOU'RE FLYING UPSIDE DOWN...
YEAH, COUGAR?
MAVERICK.
EVERYBODY'S GOT TO BE SOMEWHERE. ..NOW WE'RE RIGHT WITH YOU. YOU ARE INVERTED.  ROLL IT, COUGAR.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
ROGER, COUGAR.  Okay boys, pull out with your hands up and nobody'll get hurt.
I'M UP HERE TOO, MAVERICK.
I'LL LOCK ON THEM, COUGAR.  Gotcha covered, don't nobody move.
Maintaining course. Straight for Mustang.
WHAT'S MIG ONE DOING?
Can't shake him.
You'll have mine, Cougar. It'll be where your head used to be.
OKAY... OKAY. BUT IF I LAND THIS THING UPSIDE DOWN. AND I LIVE. I'LL HAVE YOUR BUTT!
TELL HIM, WILL YOU TELL HIM? OUR INSTRUMENTS ARE OKAY.
It's crazy, man. Instruments are crazy. We're gonna have to eject.
We're on vapor, Cougar, you got to put it down.
No! Now we're inverted!
I'm pulling up.
We're not! Trust me! We're okay.
They must be broken. I'm hanging in my straps! We're inverted!
You're not. We're level. Look at the instruments, we're okay!
Can't you feel it? I'm hanging in my straps!
You're crazy. We're level.
Were upside down!
What?  What is it?
Wait! Hell!..Something's wrong!
What is?
This is crazy!
Bring it left. Bring it left, You're high.
Help me with this one, I'm really screwed up.
You.
Hey, if it was easy, everybody would want to come up here and do it..... Instead of just us.
These guys are getting on my nerves.
We're locked on MiG ONE. Why doesn't he disengage?
Lordy!  Eyeball to Asshole. Hope nobody burps!
He better be kidding!
That's missile lock!
He's pissing me off!
What is he doing?
Let's hope you're right!
It's a MiG 21. They don't have radar missiles!
I've got a six strobe.  I think he's locked on us.
Oh, no. You did the flying, I'll do the talking!
Let me do the talking.
Any more MiGs?
What do you want?
What do I want?
What do you want?
Well what?
You hear that? Anything we want. Anything...Well???
MUSTANG, THIS IS MAVERICK, REQUEST A FLYBY.
Then...shit! Go ahead. I'm right behind you.
But I have to!
You're not supposed to...
Yeah, I guess it is. We did it! We did it...Damn! We sure did it!
Is it you?
The plane is fine.
Is it the plane?
Just relax.
Is there something I should know?
I'm gonna go! THREE...TWO...ONE...
You go. I'm staying with it.
3,000 feet.  We gotta go, man. 3,000 feet, we gotta go!
280, 290, 300 knots.
Gotta go, man.
I'm not losing it again!
What are you talking about, we gotta go!
No! Not again!
Okay.
5000 feet. Speed two hundred.
I can recover. Hold on!
Passing 8. Passing 6. Lock your harness!
I've got it -- hold on!
Swell! Passing ten thousand!
Rudder's left, stick's forward.
I know!
Yawing right.
Now have you got it?  Have you still got it?
Roger, I've got it.
Don't WORRY!!!?   You've GOT it!!? Are you CRAZY?
Goddamnit, Mav, you really are a slow learner. Don't worry, Fung, I've got it.
Ohhh Mother!
AND HE'S GUNNING.
I GOT ONE COMING UP.
THERE'S ANOTHER ONE UP THERE!
BREAKING LEFT!
BREAK LEFT! BREAK LEFT!   CHAFF! FLARES!
Don't tell me okay. Do it!
Okay, okay.
Bandit at seven o'clock low--solo. Take him. Pull on the goddamn stick, man!
So, you're scared--so what? You ever get a good look at me in the back seat, I'm goddamn terrified.
Not anymore.
If I could fly like you I'd have everything I want. If I could fly at all. I can't fly. I can't fly like that. Nobody can. Whatever it is, you've got it!
Since when did you care about paperwork?
Saving them some paperwork.
What are you doing?
NO. NO GOOD.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN? IT DOESN'T GET TO LOOK MUCH BETTER THAN THAT?
DIDN'T ... AHHH...LOOK GOOD.
WHAT? WHERE'RE YOU--HEY, WHERE IN THE HELL ARE YOU GOING?
Oh...I'll think of something.
Like what?
Well, it doesn't just happen, you gotta do something famous.
On what?
Well, I don't know. That depends.
Why do they call you Wolf?
You gotta have a call sign that's just your own...never changes...you have to recognize it immediately. Then, if someone shouts "Wolf, break left!"..you react right away.
Why do you all have such funny names?
Below the hard deck doesn't count. You guys are the second team, aren't you?
We won! Ice turns back, stares them down, then turns back into his locker, dismissing them.
That's not what I heard.
We're here because we're the best flyers in the wing. Not because of some MiG encounter.
Got you here.
Did what?
What do you think it was? Was it that MiG contact that did it?
It's not Cougar's place. It's ours.
Hey, see any controls back there?  And anyway...we beat the Son of a Bitch!
Nice. Always a good idea to show up your instructors. He nods toward Jester, glaring at them from his A4. Goose indicates the backseat of the Tomcat.
Could use a dash more jet fuel.
How was it?
Flaming Hooker. Sort of an institution around here. Or maybe this is the institution, I forget which. It's the house drink. It'll warm the cockles of your heart ... and other things depending on where you spill it.
What was that?
So I heard. Steers it pretty close. Sorry to hear about Cougar. He was a good man.
This is Evan Mitchell, he steers the thing.
I think, yeah, we'll show you a thing or two.
You think you can stay up with us.
Mister to you.
No shit. The Iceman....
Tom Kazansky.
Who's your pilot?
So I've heard.
This is Maverick.
So's my Johnson.
The list is long, but distinguished.
Why Goose, whose butt did you kiss to get here?
Slider -- they let you into Top Gun? If you're among the best in the Navy, I tremble for the security of this country.
Let's go. Eject.
1000.
Go ahead. I can't reach. 2000 feet!
3000 feet. I'll do it.
I can't eject.
Time to go.
I'm pinned to the panel.
Where do you find the time? Where do you find the energy. It's tough enough to keep your mind on school. A woman here is a real pain in the...
I guess that's what I'm doing, then.
Relationships are a bitch, here. It's hard enough to concentrate ...under the pressure. Having a woman here is asking for it.
Wood's okay. I want Viper.
What what are you doing? We're cover!
I want him!
Don't be greedy. Stay with Wood.
I'm gonna take him, Goose.
Just cover Wood, Maverick. Mutual support, man!
Bogey at three o'clock high! Nose on!
STAY WITH HIM! TIGHTEN YOUR TURN!
Nothing. Let's just go fight.
Something bothering you?
Don't chew it, you won't have it that long. Easier to clean the cockpit if it comes up in big chunks.
What the hell is this?
I've had enough...for now.
Come on, come on! It's double or nothing.. We're talking twelve bucks American, here.
Come on, I got over six bucks on the line.
What?
Come on, we're next.
Just once, if they take your plane away.
Come on, we beat an instructor. How many times in your life do you get to do a victory roll?
You see all those guys with gold on their shoulders!!?... Oh, no, I think that was Johnson, Air Boss of the Kitty Hawk!
Come on, relax...
Hi...Hi there. How ya doing in there?  Mav... Ahhh...you know, at one point I did want a Navy career.
I wouldn't call it victory.  It's more like...self immolation.
It's a victory roll.
Right.
Ahhh...A little high on the left, don't you think?
Look, Ma, top of the world!
We did it!
He should've had me. GOOSE Take it down. Let's bug out of here. Call for a draw.
Great move. Great
On your six -- coming hard. Four hundred. Losing airspeed! He's on your six and closing fast! Hard left! HARD LEFT!
I've lost him -- where is he?
Pay no attention to it. They're just trying to rattle you. It's all psychological. Sit down..and drink.
What do these guys think, I made Cougar quit?
Yeah, he's married--but then again, he,s not dead.
Hey Mav, this is Sally. She doesn't believe a word I say. Tell her I'm married, will you?
What, been drunk? Sure! Plenty!
You ever done this before?
Gotta keep track of the competition.
Is there anybody in the Navy you don't know?
Keller, Black Lion Squadron. I knew him at Pensacola. He's damn good.
Nothing...That's McGown...that's Singer, isn't it? GOOSE Turn around, pay attention. What are you doing?
What are you doing?
COUGAR, YOU'RE ON THE BALL.
Look at the weather! They'll never find us! We're near out of fuel. Put it down.
Pulled left, rolled out, underneath.
What'd you do?
She's kinky for flight suits--said that she'd never seen so many zippers--played with them all night. The noise alone kept me up.
They should have warned you about that one.
I was a victim of circumstance.
Come on. I died enough for one night.
Man, you guys gooned it. Your laser butts are scattered across KANSAS.
Nope. It's the way he flies - Ice cold. No mistakes. Wears you down. After enough time, you just get bored and frustrated, you do something stupid, and he's got you.
No shit! That why they call him Ice?
That's Kazanski.
He's a hell of a flyer. In fact, he's so damn good he might have been picked for Top Gun himself. Except for one thing.  He just can't seem to follow orders!
Mav's a great flyer but....
Well, you'll just have to make do with him .
But, Skipper, Cougar's been picked for Top Gun...He's the best of the best!
I didn't do it, he did it himself. Something about a wife and kid. The fact is, he's lost it. He knows it. I know it. You were up there, you know it, too. GOOSE Give him a break, Skipper. It was raining snakes up there. He'll be alright, soon as all the gorillas go home...
Skipper, you can't do this!
Well, he's going  and he needs someone to fly the plane.
Was.
He's the best you have. He's going Top Gun!
Don't.
Don't worry. I'll talk to him.
GOT 'EM.
I'VE GOT TWO MORE BOGEYS COMING IN AT FOUR O'CLOCK HIGH.
He won again.
What now?
Hear about Ice?
I didn't ruin her.
Coogan spent half the night looking for her. He said he was gonna kill the son-of-a-bitch who ruined his sister.
That's her--tall hungry woman with fire in her eyes. It was great.
The girl with the purple fingernails?
Until last night. Did you see the moves I was making on that girl at the party?
That's because you don't have any women.
It's kind of ironic. All you guys have women troubles and I don't.
Thirty seconds. That's all it took to blow us out of the sky.
No, we...got our butts kicked.
It's not the plaque. The winner can get assigned here as instructor. He gets to fight every day.
A plaque?
No. You can be mine!
You're a hell of a flyer.  You can be my wingman any time.
We did it.
You saved our lives. You did it!
You don't owe me anything. We're on the same team.
I guess I owe you one.
WHEN I SHOOT, YOU BREAK LEFT..3..2
WHAT CHOICE DO I HAVE?   SHOOT IT.
I GOT NO TONE. IT MIGHT GET YOU.
I CAN'T LOSE HIM, CAN YOU GET OFF A SHOT?
I GOT A WINDER LEFT, BUT NO GOOD TONE ON IT.
GOT 'EM. GOT GOOD TONE.
ON THE NOSE?
LOOK OUT!
OKAY, GOING UP. ICE, GO HIGH.
NO, I GOT HIM. I CAN TAKE HIM.
IF YOU CAN'T SHOOT HIM, I CAN.
NO, NO, NO, HE'S MINE.
ICE, ROLL OFF, I CAN SHOOT HIM.
YOU CAN'T SHOOT HIM, I CAN. I'M IN.
STAY OUT OF IT. STAY OUT OF IT, MAVERICK.
COME OFF--COME OFF RIGHT. I'M ON MY WAY IN. YOU GO FREE, I'M ENGAGING.
IT'S MY SHOT.
YOU GOT TOO MUCH NOSE TO TAIL -- I'M COMING IN.
GET LOST!
FIRE, OR CLEAR OUT, ICE.
GET OUT OF THERE, YOU'RE UNSAFE. GET OUT OF THERE.
STAY WHERE YOU ARE. HE'S MINE. I'M ENGAGED. I'M IN.
COME OFF RIGHT--COME OFF HIGH--I'M IN--I'LL ENGAGE.
SHIT!!
ENGAGING BANDIT 12 O'CLOCK.
And you were with Cougar. He was my roommate in flight school.
I've heard of you, too. You were in 124 with Bargamian.
You like to work alone. I've heard that about you.
I think I can work it out on my own.
Need a hint?
Nope.
Who is the best.
Figured out what?
Figured it out yet?
Well, he's in trouble and he didn't even get here yet.
Three guesses.
Who's the hell is that?
Some guys never get it back.
So have I.
I've seen this before.
It's only been a week. Keep sending him up.
He just won't engage. He can't do it, Skipper. He can't get back on the horse.
NOT ONLY THAT, BUT ZORRO GOT YOUR WINGMAN. NICE GOING.
WALKED RIGHT INTO IT.
Yeah, we get one of these guys every damn class.   "Maverick!"
He's seat of the pants... Completely unpredictable -- nothing by the book. All over the sky. But I don't know, Skip, he's really got something.
Tell me one thing.
I don't know what to tell you, Skip.
But you continued to fight.
Just below ten thousand.
The hard deck for this hop was ten thousand feet. Jester, at what point did you call off the fight?
What makes you think we can get back in?  We don't have the fuel for this. MAVERICK Just get me to him.
Helping him in.
What the hell you doing?
I...FORGOT SOMETHING.
COUGAR, THIS IS MAVERICK.  I'M GETTING HUNGRY, LET'S HEAD FOR THE BARN. ...COUGAR, WHERE ARE YOU?
Speaking of feet, fuel's down to 4.0.  We're gonna get them wet unless we find a Sonoco station.
Ah, the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat.
How's it goin', Coog?
Morning, Coogan.
No, really. She came ruined!... Ya think he knows it was me?
You didn't help.
The girl with the purple fingernails was Coogan's sister.
Bad?
It was bad.
Didn't everybody?
You won?!!!
The wings..
Yes sir..
Yes sir!
That is all. Tell me about the MiG some other time...
Sir?
You just did an incredibly brave thing! What you should have done was land your plane. You don't own that plane, the taxpayers do. I should ream you out for it. But it just doesn't work with you. You're a hell of a flyer. You are maybe ...too good. You never really stepped in it yet. So this is your chance. I'm gonna send you up against the best. They are better than you. Maybe they'll knock that shine off your eagle and you'll see, finally, where discipline and teamwork fit it. Maverick hasn't really heard anything but TOPGUN. He snaps out of it.
Me?
Was going.  Now you are.
I talked a man back once. Three months later, we lost him. It's his decision. Only he knows.
He's a good pilot.
I'll have to think about it. I don't know about them. I do know one thing, We've got a lot invested in you. We'd hate to lose it. Even more than those other guys, Naval Aviation needs a very few, very good men.
Would you take me back? Would they?
I didn't say that. That's up to you. I think that if you do, if you choose to come back, you'll be a better pilot... a better man.
You think I shouldn't fly.
Kid, the plain fact is...you are. I'm not gonna stand here and blow sunshine up your ass. Technically, they absolved you. You and I know what really happened. You pushed it. You are responsible and you'll always carry that. You know what, I'll carry it too. I should have taken you out of that cockpit. I guess I'm a hopeless romantic... I always try to find something worthwhile in someone's death. It's no trade-off. It's not one for one. What you learned isn't worth his death. It couldn't be. But maybe there is some value in it. I know it's the first thing I've ever seen that's really gotten to you. Now the question is, what will you do with it. If it gets you out of flight status...so you don't kill yourself or anybody else...that's good. That's one good thing. You were an accident waiting to happen.
How can I go on? I feel so... responsible.
It's not true.
Not something they tell dependents.
I never heard that.
They waved him off. He thought he knew better. He hit the ramp.
He was by the book, all the way.
You may not think so, but you are.
I'm nothing like him.
VF 51, the Oriskany. You remind me of him. You're just like he was, only better...and worse.
I know.
Sometimes it's luck, but in this case, he earned it... I served with your old man.
I didn't say that. That's up to you. But I have responsibility for the other guys up there, not just you. They need to know you're all right...that they can depend on you.
You think I should quit?!
It's no disgrace, kid. That spin was hell. It would wreck anyone's confidence. You could be a good pilot again someday...
I didn't know either. That's why I told Jester to prepare your papers.
I don't know...
Or you can quit.
Or....
We can send you back to your squadron with nothing noted on your record except "CNC" --course not completed, no explanation required. Theoretically, it doesn't hurt your career, but people always wonder about things like that.
She said you took your kid to the each. Every second Sunday. Zoo or beach or the ballgame. Y'have the option... What about me?
My wife's house.
I called your house.
No bother.
Skipper, sorry to bother you.
My first squadron in Vietnam, we lost eight out of eighteen planes. Ten guys. The first one kills you, but there'll be others--you can count on it.
He was...my responsibility--my RIO.
I know. I was there.
Goose is dead.
All right.
How do you feel?
The flying. The fighting.  I'd go up there ten times a day to fight. I'd win at least nine of them. That's all I want to do. It's what I do best. I am real good.  Just give me the jet.
Oh, you mean the thrill!
For the same reason you are.
Then why are you here?
It's my own way. It works for me. I don't care about the rest of that stuff.
Talent is no holy shield. Von Richtofen was killed by a farm boy. Instincts are not enough. Do it our way. We've worked these things out. The good pilots can become better and the great ones can learn how to stay alive.    Why do you have to do everything the hard way?
I can take care of myself.
Of course you did. I said a great flyer, not a smart one. You fly reckless. Great instincts. No discipline. That ambush today, you followed your emotions instead of your wingman. Of course you got killed...and well deserved to. It was a really stupid mistake. In battle, it gets people killed.
I lost.
Twenty years' experience, I couldn't shake you. You may be a great flyer. I mean that.
ENGAGING THE OTHER GUY. WOOD, YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
SNAPSHOT..MISSED HIM..
Big gamble with a thirty million dollar plane!
I wasn't thinking. I just did it.
The rules of engagement are not flexible. They exist for your safety. You will obey them. Is that clear?
We weren't below for more than ten seconds. There was no danger. I had the shot. I took it.
Why?
Is that how you remember it?
I had him in view. I was peeling over the egg, into a dive. He saw me when I moved in for the kill. There wasn't any danger...
A good man. Good flyer.
Yes sir.
You're father was Marvin Mitchell..
Ahhh... Runs in the family, sir.
Maverick... Where'd you get that call sign?
I like that in a fighter pilot.  It's okay to be confident. You have to think you're King Kong to want to try to land on carriers. Just keep in mind the other component of success...teamwork.
Yes sir.
Considering the company you're in, that's a pretty arrogant attitude.
Ah, shit.  You got me.  I ain't even married.  Now put your fucking hands in the air!
What happened to number five?
Take me to the hotel.
Lemme ask you a question.  Ever fuck a mutant?
And you get a kickback.
I know a much better place down the block -- the girls are clean; the liquor ain't watered down...
Why not?
Well, there it is; the Last Resort.  Sure you wanna go in?
Cheap domes.  And no air to screen out the rays.
What happened to them?
Freaks?...'Fraid so, man.  Goes with the territory.
Tell me something; are all psychics, uh....?
Man don't know if he's been to Mars or not
Yeah...Well, actually no...Sort of.
First time on Mars?
You're getting off to an early start.
The Last Resort.
So, where to?
Oh, the usual.  More money, more freedom, more air.
What to the rebels want?
What was that?  An accident?
Welcome to Mars.
You got the job.
Over there man.
Where's yours?
He ain't got five kids to feed.
What's wrong with this one?
Hey, I got four kids to feed.
How could you do this?  You're a mutant.
I think my grampa might be here.
But maybe you can change all that.
And if you wanna breathe, you gotta but his air.
Whatcha doin' to me, man?!  I got six kids to feed!
Shut up and drive!
The Last Resort!  Quick!
Need a ride?
I'd advise you to hurry.
How'd you find me?
Never mind.  Wet a towel and wrap it around your head.  That'll muffle the signal.
Who are you?
Don't bother looking.  It's in your skull.
They've got you bugged, and they'll be busting down the door in about three minutes unless you do exactly what I say.
What do you want?
May I use your pen?
There you go, Mr. Brubaker.  Suite 610 in the East Wing.
Thank you.
I'll go encode your room key.
Identification?
Get it, please.
Hmm.  It seems you left something in our safe.
Definitely.
Would you like the same suite?
Thank you.
Nice to have you back with us, Mr. Brubaker.
You're nothing!  You're nobody!  You're a stupid dream.  Well all dreams come to an end.
I am Quaid.
I didn't want it to end this way.  I wanted Hauser back.  But nooo.  You had to be Quaid.
Who gives a shit what you believe? In thirty seconds, you'll be dead. Then I'll blow this place up...
Do you expect me to believe you?
Impossible.  Once the reaction starts, it'll spread to all the turbinium in the planet.  Mars will go into global meltdown.--That's why the aliens never turned it on.
What are you afraid of?  Turn it on.
My friend, five minutes from now, you won't give a shit about the people.  Fire it up, Doc.
Come on, Cohaagen!  You got what you want.  Give these people air!
Not true, he's one of my best friends...He's got a big house and a Mercedes.  And you like Melina, right?  Well, you'll get to fuck her every night.--That's right.  She's gonna be Hauser's babe.
The guy's a fucking asshole.
Who is it this time--my mother?
Don't take my word for it, Quaid. Someone you trust wants to talk to you.
Well, Cohaagen, I have to hand it to you...This is the best mindfuck yet.
Perfect, my ass!  --You pop your memory cap before we can activate you.  Then Richter goes hod wild, screwing up everything I spent a year planning. --Frankly, I'm amazed is worked.
Sorry.  Too perfect.
The guy with the suitcase; the mask; the money; the message form Hauser...All of that was set up by us.
We gave you lots of help.  Benny here...
So why am I still alive?
He wasn't in on it.  You set him off by going to Rekall.
Get your story straight.  This idiot's been trying to kill me since I went to Rekall.  --You don't kill somebody you're trying to plant.
That's what we wanted you to think. The fact is, Hauser volunteered to become Doug Quaid. It was the only way to fool the psychics.
He's lying.  Hauser turned against you.
You see, Quaid, none of my people could get close to Kuato.  The fucking mutants could always sniff us out.  So Hauser and I sat down and invented you: the perfect mole.
Don't be modest.  Kuato's dead; the Resistance has been completely wiped out; and you were the key to the whole thing.
Fuck you.
Well, my boy, you're a hero.
It's about goddamn time.
Kill him.
Don't be an idiot.
I say we throw the switch and see what happens.
Yes, sir.
Perfect!...Get out of Sector G.  Now. Don't think.  Do it.
They've got Quaid!  They're protecting him!
Stop fighting and get out.
Great!  Because, otherwise I'll erase your ass.
Yes, sir.
Now let's get down to business.  Kuato wants what's in Quaid's head.  And he might be able to get it, cause they say he's psychic.  Now I have a little plan to keep this from happening.  --Do you think you can play along?
Yes, sir.
Who told you to think?!  I don't give you enough information to think!  You do what you're told!!  That's what you do!
But I thought...
I know that.
He had help.  From our side, sir.
Because I've got the greatest job in the solar system.  As long as the turbinium keeps flowing, I can do anything I want.  Anything.  If fact, the only thing I ever worry about is that one day, if the rebels win, it all might end.
No, sir.
Richter, do you know why I'm such a happy person?
Listen to me, Richter, I want Quaid delivered alive for re-implantation. Have you got that?  I want him back in place with Lori.
That's now.  In an hour, he could have total recall.
Lori says he can't remember jack shit!
We can't let him run around.  He knows too much.
If I wanted him dead, you moron, I wouldn't have dumped him on Earth.
I'm trying to neutralize a traitor.
What the fuck is going on down there?!
Come on...put his head in place.
Ernie, dump him in a cab.  Around the corner.  Tiffany, you help him.  I'll destroy his file and refund his money.  And if anybody comes asking...we've never heard of Douglas Quaid.
I'll do what I can.  It's getting messy in there.
Okay, this is what we're gonna do. Renata, cover up any memory he has of us or Rekall.
I've been trying to tell you.  Someone erased his memory.
Oh shit....Oh shit...
We haven't implanted it yet.
Why not?
I'm afraid that's not possible.
Use your head, you dumb bitch!  He's acting out the secret agent role from his Ego Trip!
Listen to me!  He's been going on and on about Mars.  He's really been there.
It's not my fault.  We hit a memory cap.
What the fuck is going on here?!  You can't install a simple goddamn double implant?!
Looks like another schizoid embolism.
I'm with an very important client.
You better get down here.
What is it?
Bob?
Forty-one A, Ernie.
Sleazy...and demure.
Demure, aggressive, sleazy?  Be honest.
Slim, athletic, voluptuous?
Brunette.
Blonde, brunette, redhead?
Hmmm.  And how do you like your women?
Hetero.
Your sexual orientation?
Not really.  I've just always been fascinated by Mars.
I see.  Slipping away for a little hanky-panky.
Eight years.
So, been married long?
Don't you keep up with the news?  We're doing alien artifacts now.
Two-headed monsters?
Nice to meet you.
Good evening...  Doug.  I'm Dr. Lull.
It's a symbol.  Of your desire to return to reality. --Inside your dream, you'll fall asleep.
What is it?
Swallow this.
Suppose I do...then what?
No need to be rude.  I'll do it.
You open it.
That's right.
Mr. Quaid, can you hear yourself? "She's real because you dreamed her?"
She's real.  I dreamed about her before I even went to Rekall.
What about the girl?  Brunette, athletic, sleazy and demure; just like you specified.  Is that a coincidence?
Bullshit.  It's all coincidence.
Think about it.  Your dream started in the middle of the implant procedure. Everything after that--the chases, the trip to Mars, your suite here at the Hilton--these are all elements of your Rekall Holiday.  And Ego Trip: You paid to be a secret agent.
How much is Cohaagen paying you for this?
I've been artificially implanted as an emergency measure.  I'm sorry to tell you this, Mr. Quaid, but you've suffered a schizoid embolism. We can't snap you out of your fantasy. I've been sent in to try to talk you down.
Well, if this is my delusion, who invited you?
Not exactly.  What you're experiencing is a free-form delusion based on our memory tapes.  But you're inventing it yourself as you go along.
Oh, I get it; I'm dreaming!  And this is all part of that delightful vacation your company sold me.
You're strapped into an implant chair, and I'm monitoring you at a psycho-probe console.
At Rekall.
Amazing.  Where are we?
I'm quite serious.  You're not here, and neither am I.
Ya know, Doc, you could have folled me.
I'm afraid you're not really standing here right now.
I'm listening.
This is going to be very difficult for you at accept, Mr. Quaid.
What do you want?
O.K., everybody pull out!
Pull them out.
This is Richter sir...I've got them pinned down.
Richter!  Call from Cohaagen.
Arrest that woman!
HER!
There!  The woman!
Where?
Quaid!  That's Quaid!
Watch your mouth, Captain.
Not since you lost him.
Any news of Quaid?
Mr. Cohaagen wants to see you right away.
Melina!
They found us!  Everybody out!
C'mon!
Shit!
Wrong.  Kuato's a mutant.  So don't get upset when you see him.
You're Kuato, right?
Yes, you do.  That's why we brought you here.  --  Cohaagen's big secret is buried in that black hole you call a brain.  And Kuato's  gonna dig it out.
I don't know.
You tell me.
What, aliens?
Cohaagen found something weird inside, and it's got him scared shitless.
Yeah.
You heard the rumors about the Pyramid Mine?
On his way.
Where's Kuato?
Sit down.
We don't have much choice then, do we?
If we don't hand you over, everybody in the sector'll be dead by morning.
Relax, you'll live longer.
Hey, hey Tony.  Give the big guy a break.
Unh-uh, pal.  You've got yourself mixed up with somebody else.
Harry, you're making a big mistake! You've got me mixed up with somebody else!
You shoulda listened to me, Quaid. I was there to keep you outta trouble.
Are you crazy?!  I don't know anything about Mars.
You blabbed, Quaid!  You blabbed about Mars!
What the fuck did I do wrong?!  Tell me!
Come on, let's go have that drink.
Harry, what the hell is this?
No, Harry, I'm already late...See you tomorrow.
Let me buy you a drink.
What are you, my father?
Yeah, you did.  I told you not to but you did anyway.
I did?
You went to Rekall, remember?
What trip?
How was your trip to Mars?
Harry!
Hey, Quaid!
Don't fuck with your brain, pal.  It ain't worth it.
No shit...
A friend of mine tried one of their "special offers"...Nearly got himself lobotomized.
Why not?
Well don't.
I don't know.  Maybe.
"RekallRekallRekall."  You thinkin' of goin' there?
Yeah.
Oh, Rekall.
They sell fake memories.
Rekall?
Hey Harry...Harry!  You ever heard of Rekall?
What the hell is this?
Look at this shit.
Come on!
I've got a lock!  There!
Up!
He's not at ground level.
Split up.  Find him.
I've got a weak signal over there.
I've got him.  The guy in the turban.
That son of a bitch got to be around here somewhere.
What is it?
Shit!
He shoulda killed Quaid back on Mars.
Level 2.  Galleria.
Where is he?
I've got Quaid.
What was that?  I couldn't hear you.
I'm sure she hated every fuckin' minute of it.
Are you saying she liked it?
I don't blame you man.  I wouldn't want Quaid porkin' my old lady.
I want that fucker dead.
Up to the right.
Where?
Thanks for taking Johnnycab.
Quit while you're ahead.
The fare is eighteen credits, please.
Anywhere!  Go!..Just go -- OH SHIT!! SHIT!!
Would you please repeat the destination?
Drive!  DRIVE!!
Welcome to JohnnyCab.  Where can I...?
The door opened.  You got it.
How did I get in this taxi?!
I'm sorry.  Would you please rephrase the question.
Doug, don't!
Then I can pull this trigger, and it won't matter.
Bullshit.
Nooo!  I would never do anything to hurt you.  I want you to come back to me.
Right.  That's why you tried to kill me.
I love you.
I'm here at Rekall.
I suppose you're not here either.
Yeah.  Some of it was fun.
Doug...You wouldn't shoot me, would you?  After all we've been through?
Clever girl.
It's time you found out.
I didn't know you were so kinky.
You sure you don't wanna...?  For old time's sake.  If you don't trust me, you can tie me up.
I'm honored.
But Doug...There's something I want you to know.  You're the best assignment I ever hand.  Really.
Beats me.  I just work here.
O.K. then.  If I'm not me, then who the hell am I?
Bullshit.
The job's real. -- But the Agency set it up.
Our friends, my job, eight years together, I suppose all this was implanted too?
Implanted.
And falling in love?
It was implanted by the Agency.
You think I'm an idiot?  Remember our wedding?
I swear to God!...I never saw you before six weeks ago!  Our marriage is just a memory implant -- agghh!
The hell you're not.
I'm not your wife.
Not talk!  I said TALK!!
Doug...
You call this a paranoid delusion?!
They did!  But I killed them!
Doug, nobody tried to kill you.
Forget Rekall, will you!  These men were going to kill me...
Oh God, Doug.
--I got a trip to Mars.
What did they do to you?  Tell me!
Let me finish!
You went to those brain butchers?!
I know it sounds crazy, but I went to this Rekall place after work, and...
Mars?  You've never even been to Mars.
I don't know!  It had something to do with Mars.
Take it easy.  Tell me exactly what happened?  Why would "spies" want to kill you?
Harry from work...He was the boss.
No!  Spies or something.  And Harry from work...Get down!
Muggers?!  Doug, are you all right? What happened?
Some men just tried to kill me!
What are you doing?
Bye.
You are somebody.  You're the man I love.
Lori, don't you understand?  I feel I was meant for something more than this.  I want to do something with my life.--I want to be somebody.
Sweetheart...I know it's hard being in a new town, but let's at least give it a chance here.  Okay?
I'm late.
Well...What do you say?
There's lots nicer places than Mars.
Lori, move.
Doug, maybe we should take a trip.
All right, forget about it.
And you believe him?
Cohaagen says it's just a few extremists.
Sweetheart, we've been through this a million times.  You'd hate it on Mars. It's dry; it's ugly; it's boring!  --I mean, really, a revolution could break out there any minute.
Just think about it.
Honey, do you have to spoil a perfectly wonderful morning.
Move to Mars.
Do what?
Let's do it.
Yeah, sweetheart?
Lori...
You know I do.
...You mean it?
Aw, come on, baby...You're the girl of my dreams.
Let me go!
But I'm always home by morning.
It's not funny, Doug.  You dream about her every night.
Tell me!
I don't know.
Nobody?!  What's her name?
Nobody.
Who is she?
Lori, I don't believe it...You're jealous of a dream!
The brunette.  The one you told me about.
Who?
Poor baby.  This is getting to be an obsession.
Mmmm.....
Is that better?
Let me go!
What's he talking about?
They'll be here any minute!  They'll kill you all!
I don't wanna spoil it for you, Doug. Just rest assured, by the time the trip is over, you get the girl, you kill the bad guys, and you save the entire planet.  Now you tell me.  Is that worth three hundred measly credits?
Go on.
Aaah, let me tantalize you.  You're a top operative, back under deep cover on your most important mission.  People are trying to kill you left and right. You meet a beautiful, exotic woman...
Secret agent...How much is that?
You're gonna love this. --We offer you a choice of alternate identities during your trip.
I'm not interested in that.
You.  You're the same.  No matter where you go, there you are. Always the same old you.  Let me suggest that you take a vacation from yourself.  I know it sounds wild, but it's the latest thing in travel. We call it an "Ego Trip".
I give up.
Whatever you say...Just answer one question.  What is it that is exactly the same about every vacation you've ever taken?
No options.
Smart move.  Now while you fill out the questionnaire, I'll familiarize you with some of our options.
All right.
You're talking ancient history, Doug. Nowadays, traveling with Rekall is safer than getting on a rocket.  Look at the statistics.
What about the guy you lobotomized...Did he get a refund?
I'm telling you, Doug, your brain won't know the difference.  Guaranteed, or your money back.
Come on, don't bullshit me.
As real as any memory in your head.
How real does it seem?
First of all, Doug, when you go Rekall, you get nothing but first class memories: private cabin on the shuttle; deluxe suite at the Hilton; plus all the major sights:  Mount Pyramid, the Grand Canals, and of course...  Venusville.
What's in the two week package?
Let's see...the basic Mars package will run you just eight hundred and ninety-nine credits.  That's for two full weeks of memories, complete in every detail.  --A longer trip'll run you a little more, cause you need a deeper implant.
Okay, you're the boss -- Mars it is.
I'm not interested in Saturn.  I said Mars.
To be perfectly honest with you, Doug, if outer space is your thing, I think you'd be much happier  with one of our Saturn cruises.Everybody raves about 'em.
That a problem?
Right.  Mars.
Mars.
Now help me out here, Doug.  You were interested in a memory of...
Good to see ya. Right this way.
Nice to meet you.
Doug...Bob McClane.
Then kiss me quick...before you wake up.
I just has a terrible thought...What is this is all a dream?
What's wrong?
Enough for everybody to breathe?
The whole core of Mars is ice.  The reactor melts it and releases oxygen.
Of course not.  If Mars had an atmosphere, he's lose control.
Cohaagen knows it makes air.  But the bastard won't turn it on.
It's just up ahead.
You sure about this?
Aliens?!
Aliens built it.
Where's this "reactor" come from?
People are dying, Quaid!!  Stop!!  We've got to get air!!
The one in the mine!
What reactor?!
The reactor.
Where are you going?!
I'm not sure dear?  What do you think?
Are you all right?  Are you still you?
You two-faced-bastard.
He's lying.
Oh, since when?
I don't need Kuato for that.
All sorts of things.  You might even remember you loved me.
Like what?
Kuato's gonna make you remember a few things you knew when you were Hauser.
What can I do?
I saw them.
The first settlers are buried here. They worked themselves to death, but Cohaagen ended up with all the money. He built cheap domes and watched their kids turn into freaks.
I'm not a hooker!  That's my cover.
Not bad, for a hooker.
Just wondering.
I used to model for 'em, why?
By the way...ever heard of a company names Rekall?
Jump!
Now what?
Kuato wants to see you.  Come on!
So you dropped by to apologize?
If Cohaagen wants you dead, you might be okay.
I thought you didn't like me.
Melina, please...People are trying to kill me.
I said get out!
Get out!
He said there's enough in here to nail Cohaagen for good.
I'm not falling for it.
Melina, Hauser sent me to do something.
I think you better leave.
Inside what?
You never loved me, Hauser!  You just used me to get inside.
Don't be ridiculous.
Because you're still working for Cohaagen.
Why would I lie to you?
No. Let's forget everything!  I've had it with you and your goddamn lies.
Forget I said wife.
Oh, she isn't really your wife.  How stupid of me...She was Hauser's wife.
She wasn't really my wife.
Wait, did you say wife?...Are you fuckin' married!!?
Then he dumped me on Earth with a wife and a lousy job and ...
This is too weird.
I didn't lose it.  Cohaagen stole it. He found out that Hauser switched sides,-so he turned him into somebody else.  Me.
Hauser, you're lost your mind.
Not any more.
Hauser?  You're Hauser.
Hauser left me a note.
What, did you get amnesia?...How'd you get here?
I don't remember you.  I don't remember us.  I don't even remember me.
What are you talking about?
I don't remember you.
There's something I have to tell you...
...What?
You couldn't get me a message?  You never wondered what happened to me?
I guess he didn't.
I thought Cohaagen tortured you to death!
I think it's still hungry.
Blondes.
Ooo, whatcha been feeding that thing?
I love you.
I love you.
What was I doing on Mars?!  Damn!
We were buddies in the Agency back on Mars.  You asked me to find you if you disappeared.  So here I am, good-bye.
...Who are you?
What?
Wait!
I'm leaving it here.  Come get it and keep moving.
I gave you?
This is the suitcase you gave me.
My cannon.
What do <u>you</u> use it for?
Cannon fuse.
What the hell is that, anyway?
I don't know...  They're pretty quick...fifteen seconds?
How much you think?
You two jackasses hauled us way the hell out here...!?
You can't fight'em that way...
What?  Well, for chrissake, we could have made a stand at our place!  We had food, water...
Roger that.
That's four.  Let us know if it starts moving, Burt.
Yeah, still got one poking around.
Hang on, Burt.  The bastards are up to something.
Breaker there, Earl.  What do you want us to do?
Yeah, like they got a plan...
Good.  You've got the only truck in the valley that can make it up that damn jeep trail.  So, here's the plan: You and Heather go for help. Get to the mountains...
No problem.
Okay, Burt, listen.  Forget shooting them.  Tell me this: can you get to your truck?
One of these days, Melvin, somebody's gonna kick your ass.
You stupid punk!  You came <u>that</u> close, <u>that</u> close!!
Heather and I are going to drive around a little, see if we can find that college girl and tell her to get her ass back into town.
Ready as we'll ever be.
You guys all set?
Some kind of mutation...?
Or a big mother slug maybe?
Damn, you know, those kids turn up oil or uranium or something out there...next thing the Feds will be at our door.  "Sorry, time to move. Eminent domain."
Rhonda.  Rhonda LeBeck.  She's getting some kind of strange readings on her things.
I'd go for penetration.  The 458 shooting solids -- less ammo to carry anyway.
What do you think?  Max firepower or...?
I think I scared it!
Knock it off, Burt!
Damn!  Val, we can't get them.  Never figured on having to shoot through dirt!  Best goddamn bullet stop there is.  Come back.
You're not getting any penetration, even with the elephant gun.
Yeah, whatever they are, you'd think after they ate all those sheep they'd have to take a dump someplace...  What the hell's going on in town?
I can't believe it.  No tracks, no sign, no spoor.
Phone's out.  Road's out.  We're on our own.
Miguel, the trouble's come to us. If we're not ready...
Well, who put you two in charge?
BACK OFF, BURT...!
Right.  We're gonna run.  Get ready.
She's got my vote.
Yeah, well those things are gonna be on our ass every foot of the way, right?
Jesus Christ, we're only going nine miles.  Be there in two hours, tops!
Damn it!  They'll sink this rig just like a boat!
That's fine.  We've got some new things to teach them.
In a minute.
Let's go you two.  We're headed for the mountains.
Listen!  Listen!  We know what they are!  They're big things under the ground!  Much bigger than we thought!  They're coming after you! They're coming right now!
What's under the ground?  We're not getting up on the roof.  Earth shelter's the best.  Known that since I was a kid.
Burt, get out!  Get up on your roof or someplace!  We found out what's been killing people!  They're under the ground!
Val?  What the hell you doing back already?
Burt!  This is Val!  Get out of your basement!!  Take your radio! You and Heather get up on your roof!  Then we'll talk, okay?!
Just barely, Pham.  What are you all doing up on your roofs. What the hell's going on?  Come back.
Burt, can you hear me now?
Negative copy on that, Pham, check your frequency.  I'm on forty-nine.
You're never going to believe this, but the canyon road...we were on it not two hours ago...well, it's completely...
What the hell you doing back already?
We sell 'em to you for three bucks a piece!
A beauty, isn't it?  We bought three of them for the rec room.
Well, yeah!  There's going to be major research up here.  First thing is to get some pictures of that one we dug up.
You bet.  You gonna be staying up here?
You're really leaving, huh?
Howdy, Rhonda.
Hi, guys.  Burt loaned me his camera.
Nope, there!  That's one.
Where the hell are they?  Hope they didn't wise up.
Could we make it to the mountains?
So...now what?
No.  We go straight.
We're not going over there, right?
VAL, STOP!  THEY'RE COMING!  DON'T MOVE!
He'll never make it!  They're gonna get him!
Son of a bitchin' lowlife, putrid, scum...
Oh my God.
No good.  You need major four- wheel-drive just to get up that jeep trail.
Well, we can take my truck then.
The mountains are solid granite. We'd be safe there, and we could hike along them...all the way to Bixby if we have to.
You know, up the jeep trail.
You know, Val went to that college, too.  For a whole year.  Couldn't quite sit still for it, though. Had too much vinegar in his system. But once he settles down, forgets this cowboy stuff, he'll be one in a million.
Well, I'm scared, but I'm not sorry.
I'll bet you're sorry the college ever sent you up here.
Well, I was wondering if we could...
We're gonna have to come up with some kind of plan or it's just gonna wait us to death.
I might have an idea...
I'd vote for outer space.  No way those are local boys.
There's nothing like them in the fossil record, I'm sure...Okay, so they predate the fossil record...  That'd make them a couple of billion years old...and we've just never seen one till now.  Right.
Probably couldn't move too easily on the surface.
Well, at least the bastard can't climb.  Pardon my French.
Yeah, I'm lucky it didn't find <u>me</u>.  This is important, you know.  This is like, well, let's say it, it's probably the biggest zoological discovery of the century.  The century?  Forget it.  <u>History</u>.
I think they shoot right outta its mouth, hook you, and pull you right in.  Good thing we stopped it before it killed anybody else.
I don't see any eyes...must be totally subterranean...and those tentacles...
Jesus Christ...think it smells like that 'cause it's dead?
No problem.  Nice meeting you. Hope you get it sorted out.
Thanks.  God, I hope they're not screwed up.  I might have to bag the whole semester. Anyway, sorry to bother you.
Well, we'll ask around.  Let you know if we hear of anything.
Oh yeah?  Think about this:  She ain't as narrow-minded as you. I'll lay odds she's looking for character in a man.  For my part, I'd be proud to have her.  I'd goddamn worship her.
You are so full of shit...
She likes <u>both</u> of us.  We both helped her out.
What?
Fine, make the mistakes I did. I think I'll just be playing this hand myself.
She just practically asked you for a date.  What the hell is wrong?!
Somebody paying you to do this?
You're not civil, you're glum.  We got the world by the tail with a downhill pull and all of a sudden you go glum on me.
Civil?  I'm civil.
Christ, Val, maybe she's not your type, but you could, at least, be civil.
No ties.
Yeah...but no ties.
Sell the movie rights.  We're going straight from blue-collar to white -collar.
<u>People</u>?  Hell, <u>National</u> <u>Geographic</u>.
Road's in!  Now, soon as we hit Bixby we start making phone calls. We could make some real money off this whole thing, get in <u>People</u> magazine...
Road's in!
Not yet, not yet...
Light it, man!  LIGHT IT!!
I GOT A GODDAMN PLAN!!
What the hell are you doing?!!
I want to live for the three days.
So, we get back on that rock and in three days we're dead anyway.
Use the fucking bomb!
It's out last one.  We can't kill them all.
Or just knock us over.  Look, use the bomb!
They're...they're trying to make us move!
Hey, just 'cause you're no good with a rope...
Come on, you're not going to do your lasso thing...?
Not going to pole vault anywhere. That's for sure.
Well...that's it.  We're not getting off this rock...
Jesus, Val, it's pretty far.
Come on, everybody!  We gotta run for those rocks over there!
I don't care what they're doing as long as they're doing it way over there.
Damn it.  What the hell are they doing?  They're up to something.
Don't worry about me, jerkoff.
Watch your ass, shithead.
Only if something happens to me.
<u>I'm</u> best at driving the Cat.
Get real.  I'm faster than you.
Like hell you are.
<u>I'm</u> making the run to the Cat.
We got a plan!
Well...all <u>right</u>!  We just roll on out of here!
Doesn't matter.  The cat can pull <u>any</u>thing.
Its tires are flat...
A car, huh?  Like a big armored car?  Need something bigger, tougher...our truck maybe...or, hell, that old semi trailer!
But...we could pull something!  We could, I don't know, drag a car behind it!
Yeah, but it weighs better than thirty tons.  No way they could stop it.
Jesus.  It's slower than hell.
Wait a minute...the Cat.  Could we take the Cat?
We need another plan.
Just about too damn long.  Bolt pattern's probably wrong anyway.
How the hell long it take <u>you</u> to change a tire?
Chuck him out the door!  Like a little hors d'oeuvre.
Shut it up!  Shut the little bastard up!
I'm gonna help you.
I'm gonna kick his ass!
Right.  We need to be talking about what we're gonna do.
You're right, don't matter where they come from.
Right.
You go north, I'll go south.
Well, it's not like we've got a hell of a lot of options...
Run for it?  Running's not a plan. Running is what you do when the plan fails.  You're not even trying to come up with a plan!
Well, that's why Edgar never got down off that tower.
Don't he have a home to go to?
First let's see if Stumpy's still out there.
Well, folks, what's the plan?
Me, too.
You know, I hate to be crude, but I'm gonna have to take care of some business here.
It's been listening to us.  It's got no eyes.  It sure as hell can't smell anything underground, so I figure...
Son of a god<u>damned</u> bitch!  Been waiting there all this time.  How the hell's it even know we're still here?
Son of a bitch!
Fuck you, too.  Pardon my French.
Maybe it is.  Why don't you take a little stroll and see?
Well...haven't seen a sign for hours.  Maybe it's long gone.
I think we wait right here.
I don't know.  If this one's any faster than that other one...
Okay, now, how far's your truck?
God, the live ones smell worse tan the dead ones.
Little sons of bitches.
Prairie dog burrow...
Yeah.  Where's your truck?
We'll take your word for it.
Naw, don't want to winch it.  That'd tear it all up.  Want to lift it. Some kind of crane with lifting straps.
Here's the plan: we'll get a...a flatbed, I guess, with a big winch, figure a five ton anyway.
You got <u>that</u> right!
Pham Van don't get his mitts on <u>this</u> for no measly fifteen bucks!
Sure, Earl, everybody knows about them.  We just didn't tell <u>you</u>. Come on, nobody's ever seen one of these!  We're really <u>in</u> on something here!
Hey, Rhonda, you ever heard of <u>any</u>thing like this before?
So this is the guy that had your seismos working overtime?
This is one big mother!
Sons of bitches!
What the hell are they?
Oh shit!
Shut up!  They got wind of something they don't like!
<u>Why</u> would they do it?
That <u>is</u> the plan...I mean, goddamn it!  What the hell are those things?  How could they bury an entire Plymouth station wagon?
Here's the plan...We don't <u>even</u> stop.  Ride like hell.  Tonight we keep right on going.  We'll walk the horses.
Then where's the goddamn Conway Twitty coming from?
Car's gone.  We just missed them, that's all.
Great.  Thank you.
That means we're gonna be out here, like, in the dark.
The rifle.
You want the rifle or the Smith?
Screw you.  For all you know they could <u>fly</u>.
Relax.  A snake thing like that couldn't move too quick.
Pham, we don't want to be stuck on a couple of canners.  They better be fast.
A man who plans ahead.
Fifteen lousy bucks.
Slick as snot and I'm not lying.
Yeah!  Next time I tell you I'm not hung up...!
It must've grabbed us.  That's why the truck stalled-out.
Hey, I don't want spend the night out here!
Fuck you!
I am not!
You're hung up again.
Jesus!  I don't <u>believe</u> this!
Val!  Val!
Those assholes are supposed to be <u>fixing</u> the goddamn road!  Hey!  Where are you guys?  People gotta use this road, you know! You on a booze break or what?!
Well, there's sure as hell nothing to stop us now.  Everybody we know between here and Bixby is already dead.
Brother, we decided to leave this place just one day too late, you know?
What the hell is going on?  I mean WHAT THE <u>HELL</u> IS GOING ON?!!
Oh, Jesus!!
I'll go with that plan.
Okay, the plan is: pedal to the metal the whole way.  We don't stop till we hit the carwash, not even to pee.
Probably up a pole starving itself to death.
You got that right.
Well, whatever the hell happened it's just one more goddamn good reason to haul ass out of this place.
Oh, you mean somebody who ain't scared of a twelve gauge shotgun. And then what did they do?  Camp out down below and just wait for him to die?
Oh sure, he figured it was easier to die of thirst?  Come on, sombody must've chased him up there.
Maybe he just couldn't pull the trigger...
If he did, why didn't he use his damn shotgun?
Reckon he hated Perfection more than us?  You suppose he <u>wanted</u> to kill himself?
He's only got one damn jacket. That's him, I'm telling you.
You're full of shit.
Especially when it's two hundred feet off the ground.
One job I'd never take is working around electricity.
Jeez, look at that guy.
Adios, bridge!
So long, cactus!
Damn straight!  Now there's nothing between us and Bixby but nothing!
We did it!  We faced temptation and we did not bend!
That's the plan.
She's got us.  Now, listen, the plan is: we have done our last job in Perfection.
Forget it, man.  It's not worth it.
Uh oh, it's Nancy.  She wants another load of firewood.
I'll call that little bluff.  How close?
In the past year I must've said a hundred times "We gotta get out of Perfection.  We gotta better ourselves."  You gonna stand there in broad daylight and tell me you think I'm the reason we're still here?  You want to know how close I am to going to Bixby right <u>now</u>?
What keeps us doing jobs like this is you dragging your feet.  I was up for going to Bixby.  I was getting excited.
Damn it, Val!  Not having a plan is what keeps us doing jobs like this!
Well, <u>you're</u> the one won't work in the car wash.  You're the one's gotta have a plan.
Yeah, sure.  Go ahead and plan it...for a year or two.
Car wash?!  That's got no future. If we're gonna take the plunge we oughta have a better plan than that.
So?  That car wash pays good, and they're always looking.
We could.  We could.  But we'd have to get <u>really</u> serious.  It's gonna cost twice as much to rent a place.
So what if we just did it...today. Pack up.  Drive straight down to Bixby.  Get serious.
You gotta ask <u>that</u>?
Why don't his parents ever take him to Vegas with them?
Right.  We plan ahead.  That way we don't do anything right now.  Earl explained it to me.
Catch it later, Pham.  Gotta get over to Nestor's.
I thought you called it your pecker.  Look, don't make the mistake I made.  Twenty years of looking for a woman exactly like Miss October 1968, and where'd it get me?  Here with you.
Well, I'm a victim of circumstance.
Don't matter.  They're all the same: dead weight.  Can't make a decision, can't walk because of their shoes, can't work because of their fingernails.  Make my skin crawl!
Tammy Lynn Baxter.
...And is dumber than my hind end. Like that Bobby Lynn Dexter...
Well, sure.
Goddamnit, Valentine, you won't go for any gal unless she fits that damn list of yours A to Z...
Why?
Nothing.  But it sure might be a nice way of getting to know her.
What the hell do we know about seismographs?
You know, if you wanted, we could take a look at those seismographs for her.
The new one!  That's supposed to be a girl!
Nah, it's September.  Must be the new one.
Who the hell's that?  That's not what's his name...the grad student?
Nestor's out of town tomorrow.  We don't dig today.  We don't get paid today.  Damn it, Valentine, you never plan ahead.  You never take the long view.  Hell, here it is Monday and I'm already working on Wednesday.  It is Monday, right?
Burt and Heather's place is closer. Let's do their kitchen today.  Do Nestor tomorrow.
Uh...Digging that waterhole for Nestor.
Do not talk to the driver.
You're gonna get us hung up.
Has a lot of rain.
Goddamn jeep trail gets worse every year.
Whatever the hell we are, we should quit and go get ourselves some real employment.
Handymen, Earl.  We're handymen.
I keep thinking, if we were but half serious about money, we should quit being hired hands and...
If there was one nearby I'd probably ask him.
I was in one.  A bolt of lightning blew up cottonwood tree.  Three hundred head going hell-bent for the horizon.  Wasn't so damn funny, I can  tell you.
How many cows does it take to make a stampede?  Is it like three or more?  Is there a minimum speed?
Hell you did.  Your turn.
No...it was eggs.  I did eggs.
Did it yesterday.  Franks and beans.
You didn't cook breakfast?
You bet.
I'd do the same.  Well, catch you Thursday.
I think I'm gonna be sitting up with her.
We playing cards tonight?
If that ain't the truth.  And I count on them for a little bit of stew meat...Thank you, Fred.
Forget it.  I got vegetables coming out my ears.  Usually the varmints eat up half my crop, but lately I ain't so much as <u>seen</u> a gopher or a jack-rabbit nowheres.
Damn, Fred, you can't give away all those.
Well, I brung her something I know she likes.
She wants to lay down.  I'm a little worried.
How's she doing?
Yeah, Heather, we got you.
Val, we're going to have to forget about the truck...
They're tearing down the houses here!  We all gotta get outta here together!  Now!
We're here, Val.  Just tell us what you need.  Come back.
We're in deep shit over here. Let's change that plan.
Yeah, Val.
Burt!  Heather!
Yeah, Burt.  The way you worry, you're gonna have a heart attack before you get to survive World War III.
Down, honey, down.
Ran into the new college student, Rona.
Hi, guys, what you been up to?
God, what a stink!
Come on.  Get away from it!
Am I sure?!  It was right there.  There's the cord.
You sure this is where it was?
It's...gone...!
Well, what's wrong with it?
Ah, but consider this, if we don't finish the roof, we can looks at that sky all the time.
That's the sky that's going to be over our roof every night, when we're done.
What?
Just keep looking at that beautiful sky.
The con...!  Oh my God.
We have to go into Bixby in the morning.  The concrete blocks are in.
I'm dead.  Let's finish in the morning.
Those scumsuckers are my radials, Pham!
I've got a plan.  You and Val take your truck, get to the mountains. Hike to Bixby.  Get us some help.
Okay, ten dollars.
Twenty.
I didn't do it!  What's going on?
I don't believe this.  The phone is out!  Pham, your phone is out!
You don't get it, Pham.  The idea was: we were ripping you off.
And I appreciate it.
Could be.
Hey Val, listen.  Bearing going out, you think?
LET'S DO IT!
It worked!  There they go!
Good point.
Wait!  How are you going to know they're all following it?
I think the ground's getting closer.  I think we do it.  We're gonna save our asses here!
Yeah, good!  Something to keep them busy.  We need a decoy.
Listen, they only respond to vibration, right?  Couldn't we... distract them somehow?
Like <u>what</u>?!  There's nothing left that'll make it to the mountains!
Look, the situation hasn't changed. We still have to get to solid rock. There must be <u>some</u> way!
You guys do all the odd jobs.
What?!!  Since when the hell's every goddamn thing up to us?!
They're working together, too.
Yeah, they're confused.  They can feel our vibrations, but they can't find us.
Why do you all keep asking me?
What's it doing?
It does.
You paying attention?  This oughta hurt like hell.
Yes, see, they move very easily through the Pleistocene Alluvials...  ...the dirt...the loose soil that makes up the valley floor.  But they can't move through solid rock. I think we should travel west to the mountains.
Rhonda's got an idea about that.
Yeah.  One, two, three...
Ready?
Let's assume that it is.
Think it's still following us?
Yeah.  But I'll tell you, if you ever wanted proof God is a man, this is it.
You okay?
Darn it!
Yeah, well, I'm getting what I refer to scientifically as "weird vibes."  every sensor I've got is giving me strange readings.  I mean, the school has had these machines up here three years and they've never recorded anything like this.
Yeah, vibrations in the ground.
Well, I'm supposed monitor these seismographs.  You know, they measure vibrations...
Around here?  Why would they?
Listen, got a question for you.  Do you know if anybody is doing any blasting or drilling or anything like that?
Right, geology.  And you have to be Val and Earl.  I've heard all about you.
Yeah, geography.
Hi, I'm Rhonda.  Rhonda LeBeck. I'm up here for the semester...
Too fine, Badalato. The bad news is, you're gonna live.
I don' need a hospital... I feel fine.
That-a-boy. Hospital.
...Where're we goin'?
I'm dead. We're both dead.
Demerol? What the fuck is your problem, man? You wanna die?
And one good guy.
Our own Colombian Connection... For three years... Three years of ball breaking detective work. And we put a lotta bad guys behind bars.
He was your snitch.
...we had to lick his boots clean.
I know about Esparza.
You're fishing. You don't know shit.
Please... I need to sleep...
From Chinatown... Which is right up the street from the morgue! Where did you go with the body? What did you do with it?
An hour after you picked it up!
I brought it... to the coroner.
In other words, seven times out of a hundred, you're wrong!
Absolutely not. No more than seven percent.
Isn't there a ten to fifteen-percent margin of error?
It most certainly is.
Forensic ballistics isn't an exact science, is it?
No it is not, Mr. Dowd.
Or this -- is this a significant difference?
Absolutely.
You would have the court believe that these two bullets were fired from the same gun?
Correct.
And the one on the right is the bullet you test-fired from Shu's gun?
True.
The photo on the left shows the bullet that killed Jimmy Chin, true?
Bellevue. Straight up First --
Where's the nearest hospital?
Don't hurt him.
Let go of my hair.
Gimme back my bottle.
The hell you do. At this hour?
I have to talk to your brother.
Ms. Vin's sister.
I would like to put Shu's alleged crime in a context, your Honor. And we do have the foremost expert on prison and street gangs right here in this room... If it please the court, I'd like to call Mr. Reynard.
-- Then you don't wish to call any witnesses, Mr. Dowd?
I suppose I could find an inmate who'd say that Shu boasted about Chinatown just to survive in the joint -- though he didn't really do it...
Well then, does the defense have any witnesses?
Your Honor: I imagine that, no matter how careful my questioning, Mr. Ortega would, in his well-intentioned way, dig my client's hole even deeper.
Good morning, Mr. Dowd. Do you think you might be up to cross-examining Mr. Ortega this morning?
The testimony will remain in the record. Do you wish to cross-examine?
I move that the witness's testimony be stricken. He has clearly been terrorized by the prosecution, he's --
Sustained.
Objection.
Complain to the Bar Commission.
Your Honor, that's not fair -- !
So noted.
-- With objection!
I will allow the witness to testify. With the understanding that your questions are confined to the area of Mr. Kim's modus operandi.
Sustained.
Objection, your Honor! The fact that the witness is currently a patient is immaterial!
Shut your sewer mouth!
Hey -- the fact you popped Jimmy Chin in broad daylight proves it wasn't premeditated. Jury'll sympathize -- dude was banging your wife, right?
Let's snuff this lowlife!
What, "everything"? You shot a corpse. I don't give a shit about that -- !
If you'd had the sense to ask for my help, I might've helped you. But you've probably scared Chuckie Roeder off for good, I have a whole bunch of jumpy employees to handle and you're both going to be on your way. Now.
Dowd. Eddie Dowd.
"Art's Supplies" is founded on trust, Mister --
I did five years in Attica. Lot of cons helped me in the joint. But I never got help from any lawyer... I built this business for guys like me who couldn't get a break anywhere else. "Art's Supplies" is for ex- cons. Not lawyers.
"We"?
-- I don't care who you are. You could've been killed. Every man and woman in here has done hard prison time. And we look out for each other.
Look, I'm a lawyer and --
Do you see a toilet here you think is really me?
I noticed.
I'm a lawyer. The firm is thinking about renovating. Everything dates back to the Sixties.
You can't come back here... Anything happens to you I'm liable.
Not necessarily...
Haven't heard that one before, Ed.  But I guess I'll be hearing it again.
Can't I take a simple piss without --
We don't prosecute people because in the abstract they might be weak. Judge Brandeis said it best: Entrapment is a "dirty business!"
What about entrapment?
No it's not the only issue. There's another issue, for the jury. What about entrapment?
Yeah, well I had reasonable cause to believe the judge might've heard of the Fourth Amendment.
I had a minute before the Mapp hearing -- but I couldn't get you on the phone, Eddie...
Clyde, you wait here.  Glenn, got a minute?
No further questions.
Not the whole time, of course. I --
Ah.
I didn't take my eyes off it!
How can you remember that?
I can see the hammer still, it was cocked...
You can't remember that -- !
It was silver, with a stubby barrel... snub-nosed, I think they call it... It wasn't automatic, it had one of those... cylinders...
Oh really?
I can describe it.
Come now. Did you see the gun?
You fucking swear to shut up!
No. No...
You see that? You wanna be like that?
Your Honor, the witness' response was non-responsive... I ask you to strike it from the record...!
Kim's prints were all over it -- He admitted it was his gun, f'r godsake!
Not at all --
You're implying that I planted a gun?
Didn't this "information" come from the Joe Boys themselves -- did they not all but hand you Shu Kai Kim, a Korean, an outsider?
We had information bearing on Mr. Kim's desire to gain admission into the Joe Boys by assassinating a member of a rival gang.
A "description"? What, Asian male 18 to 30, black hair, brown eyes?
We had a description of the suspect.
Exactly what information led you to arrest my client just two-and-a-half hours after the shooting took place?
... An hour.  That's why I thought the morgue was on the other side of town.
How long did it take Badalato to drive Jimmy Chin's body from Chinatown to the morgue?
Least we'd already be at the Morgue.
...Jesus!
Everyone else was wrong and the one fucking lunatic was right!
"The killer wasn't Chinese"... Cecil Stipe was right. .!
Christ... Shu is innocent.
They could've been brothers. It's why the eyewitnesses picked Shu.
I've seen this picture before.
-- What?
I followed her from the courthouse.
You phoned up Art Esparza's wife?
I think he hired Shu to kill Jimmy Chin... It wasn't a Chinatown gang hit -- Jimmy Chin and Art's wife were lovers! She just about told me...!
What's Art Esparza?
Eddie -- it's Art Esparza!
-- Roger -- ?
Let's get a cab.
I've got a meeting in Chinatown.
I am. Eddie -- we've got nothing.
I'm not that desperate.
But Roeder's dead. Ballistics says it's Shu! We don't have one witness -- unless we put Cecil Stipe on the stand...
That's not gonna happen. I'm gonna create reasonable doubt. Buckle your seatbelt and watch me work.
You're carrying that around like it was a picture of your girlfriend!  I don't want to see your heart broken when this case crashes and burns!
You know how I know? 'Cause Reynard says he's guilty, and Reynard's full of shit! Look --
-- Eddie...
Hey -- you believe what you want. Shu Kai Kim is innocent.
Eddie... it's one thing to compare Clyde Gruner to Jesus Christ. It's even okay to claim that Shu Kai Kim is just slightly holier than the Pope... as long as you don't really believe it!
That's why I hate experts.
I've heard from the last ballistics expert on the list. It's an even ten who say Shu's gun killed Jimmy Chin!
But what?
Well, I mean, Roeder's gone, now... A dead end. Believe me, I'm sorry too, but...
...What do you mean?
So what're we gonna do?
You sneaked a peek at the Rolodex.  Nice.
Chuckie's address. I sneaked a peek at the Rolodex.
-- What?
1530 Rivington Street.
Goddam it... the little punk bests me again, I get thrown down and lectured at and where the hell were you?
Roger Baron.
Eddie Dowd.
A spinal injury, in the line of duty. It was in Kitty's report...
A fucking wheelchair?
George is a fucking burnout case. I didn't want him on the stand anyway. Get more names from Billy.
Uh, Eddie? The, um, ballistics guy, George...? He called, and...  His tests show that Shu's gun fired the bullet that killed Jimmy Chin.
Hey, Clyde Gruner sold these guys a pound of crystal meth at cost. We're Clyde's buddies, it's cool.  Next exit.
I feel much better now.
So an upstanding member of the Aryan Warriors wouldn't paint them on. They take those teardrops seriously -- they're badges of courage, of honor. Only their most vicious killer elite get to wear them...!
-- Yeah?
There's no one else to talk to. The tattoos were phony!
I didn't ask for a closing argument.
They're just frightened, fucked-up losers that prison fucked up worse.
-- You found his mugshot?
His name is Chuckie Roeder. But something's very weird.
Saving it for the Sunday Times.
Shoulda told the one about Shu being the bastard child of Mother Theresa.
"Have to"? No...
Do you have to do that?
"Cecil Stipe." Find it.
What, the lunatic who --
That DD-5.
"Cecil Stipe"? Have we seen any affadavit with that name?
-- Listen: "November 5, 1980. Cecil Stipe walked into 5th Precinct. Says he witnessed Chin shooting, saw suspect's picture in Post. Says Shu Kai Kim wrong man."
A Complaint Follow-Up form.
Eddie... What's a DD-5?
Eddie... I don't know about this...
When did you start working for the goddam D.A.?
...Are you sure we want that?
Easy? No... We have to find some piece of evidence that got buried, to reopen the sucker.
-- Easy as that, huh?
I don't know but it makes one hell of an opening statement.
You really think that's what happened?
Some gang punk gets wasted in front of the tourists. The mayor pressures the cops. The cops pressure the rival gang -- the Joe Boys. The Joes give up Shu Kai Kim -- the schmuck kid from Korea who's been pestering 'em to get in.
Eight years ago. The Chinatown hit.
What other case?
We're taking the other case.
I feel like I've been mugged... Guy scared the shit out of me. You made your point, Eddie... I'm relieved we're not taking the case.
With two knives taped to his hands? Forget it, Rog.
...So what would we claim? He stabbed Duane Lindeman in self-defense?
-- Remember?
At the trial, you said you were at your apartment that night. Alone.
-- The Nazi he knifed?
Kim denied it. But he admitted the gun was his, and he got life. Seems to have been an okay prisoner for eight years, til the... incident with Duane Lindeman.
Chinatown street gang.
Kim got busted at 19 for burglary. At 20 he was convicted in the shooting death of a young Chinese gang lord... The prosecution claimed Kim did it to get into "the Joe Boys"?
Ossining Correctional Facility. Sing Sing. Everybody's innocent there, man... Just ask 'em...
Where?
Look -- I'm tired, I'll see you in the morning, Eddie.
Ten years is a long time.
Hey. You plan to be a criminal defense attorney, know this going in: Everybody's guilty.
Don't tell me where to work. I moved to New York to work for Edward Dowd. But I can't believe that Edward Dowd has nothing better to do these days than invoke exalted legal issues to get off guilty little --
So go take your job on Wall Street.
-- a speed manufacturer --
I'm not a kid anymore, I can't be all over the map --
-- an angel dust dealer --
I specialize, Roger...
It's just... I leave behind friends, family, a coupla good job offers in Chicago and in three dizzying weeks I've helped acquit a coke dealer, a speed dealer --
Damn right I'm right.
Right. You're right.
...through use of informants, eavesdropping, unreasonable search and seizure...!
Of course.
I don't venerate drug dealers, Roger. To the contrary.
Right, I forgot... We're pledged to protect every mid-level drug dealer in the Tri-state area.  It's an awesome responsibility.
We have a full caseload, Rog.
And I call your testimony hearsay. I have no more questions for you.
They're Chinamen who speak English. We call them informants.
Neither.
Pardon... Which dialect do you speak?
-- Me? Neither.
Do you speak Cantonese, Mandarin, or both?
...For ten years, now.
You're the police expert in Chinatown gangs?
Screw you too, Kitty.
I need sleep. Some of us are mere mortals.
I don't need sleep!
Eddie... go home. Get some sleep.
EXACTLY!
Eddie... A guilty client's not the end of the world...
Nothing has. But that's all changing.
Eddie this is silly... are we supposed to pretend nothing's happened in the last ten years and --
Eddie, if I wanted to make love with you again, I'd do it sober.
You do.
You don't drink "booze".
Got any booze in the house?
Right.
I haven't paid you.
I'm a professional, Eddie. Getting paid is all the thanks I require.
I haven't thanked you for your work, Kitty. You're doing good work.
A number of them are dead, three are in prison, one's a waiter... Two -- you'll enjoy this -- two are actually members of the Chamber of Commerce.
The Joe Boys in 1980...!
Eddie, these things take time. Particularly at this hour...
-- Find him?
I don't have time to read every word in every report, I'm too busy getting killed in court... Meantime my crackerjack investigator can't find the goddam art supplies store where Chuckie-fucking-Roeder works!
I didn't put him in a wheelchair. Reynard did. He can get around without one -- it's all in my report.
A fucking wheelchair?
Have you considered that Chuckie Roeder's not calling himself Chuckie Roeder these days? Get his mugshot from one of the many law officers who've got hotpants for you... then canvass those art supplies places. We're gonna win this one, Kitty, but ya gotta believe...
I've phoned every art supply retailer and wholesaler in the Tri-state area. No one's heard of Chuckie Roeder.
But I like that theory. And since I'm not putting Twerp Professor on the stand, and since I don't have a better theory, I'm sticking with that theory. Meantime I want pictures of the Joes. What'll you bet there was a guy in the gang looked enough like Shu to fool the eyewitnesses!
So there goes your theory about the Joes giving up Shu to protect their trigger man.
I lied.
"...are close to naming the man they believe actually killed Jimmy Chin"?
I embroidered.
"Dowd also reports that his team of private investigators..."?
I embellished.
I was never politically correct enough for Comrade Dowd.
Start looking into the Joe Boys -- who assigned the hits in 1980, what rank generally did the hits...  Your extensive law enforcement contacts should be of some use.
I'm kicking myself, Eddie... Right out of here.
Forget it. You've blown your chance to participate in this case, Kitty.
Just which Constitutional amendment protects our right to peddle PCP?
Kitty, where exactly do you place the microphone to catch the most incriminating moans?
Beats getting paid in twenties by slimedogs selling angel dust to high school seniors.
Lemme guess. Some corporate V.P.'s banging his secretary over lunch and you have to focus your camera and plug in your little tape recorder.
Eddie, I'm not working on this case. You boys have fun.
Stipe was just one of four eyewitnesses who came forward, Kitty. Y'oughta start looking for the others...
It hasn't been that long.
You're doing a murder case?
Murder witness.
For awhile we had this dream we were innocent. That was our bond... but then we woke up. And now I'd like to hear everything.
When you leave this place you're going out to dinner or a movie or get laid. Where's our bond? I'm going back to my cell and wait to die. So tell me: Where's our bond?
By trusting me. Shit, man...
-- How could I help you?
Jimmy Chin? Was that self-defense too?
It was self-defense.
I didn't need to know that a man I'm defending on a gang-murder rap is a prison soldier who kills over drugs?
When I joined up I took an oath of secrecy. I told you what you needed to know.
Quite a bit you didn't tell me.
It's okay, Eddie.
...I'm dying out there.
"No," what?
No.
Well I know that you're innocent, Shu -- even if you forgot.
I don't know shit, man! Goddammit --
You can't. So tell me what you do know -- say it!
How can I tell you what I don't know!
No. You tell me, Shu.
You tell me, man.
What went down?
About Chinatown. What went down.
-- About what?
I don't know. The truth, maybe.
Afraid of what?
Maybe... because someone's afraid.
But why?
I guess he... wanted you to think he was... somebody he wasn't.
But why would a guy would do that? Paint black teardrops on his face?
"Painted"?
An Aryan Warrior with black teardrops painted on his face.
...Okay...
I killed the motherfucker.
Exactly what happened then?
Racist asshole came at me.
Want to tell me what went down here?
Figures.
That's right.
My mother find you?
Mr. Rabin has no right to --
I'd l-like to answer the question.
Thank you, Mr. Stipe.
No, s-sir.
Did the police make any attempt to phone you, to follow up?
Y-yes, sir.
...You told the Desk Sergeant you were certain Mr. Kim wasn't the killer?  You left your telephone number?
I always t-tell the truth.  That's why I'm here.
When the D.A. hears I filed the writ, he'll send someone here, maybe claiming to be a journalist. That person will ask you lots of questions. Just be truthful, Cecil, okay? To all of us?
They g-got the wrong g-guy.
Are you willing to testify that the man you saw shoot Jimmy Chin was not the man the cops arrested?
Good. Now we're going to take an affadavit from you, but only concerning the facts of the Chinatown shooting. We honestly don't give a shit about the Kennedy assassination.
I did two tours in 'Nam...
Hey, Chinese people have this energy field that vibrates at a particular frequency.
Oh come on, Cecil.
See-cil. I'm Eddie Dowd, this is Roger Baron. We're lawyers.
See-cil.
'lo, Cecil.
No? Then what did he say?
No.
I hope so, Mr. Reynard.
I think you're a dangerous man, Mr. Dowd.
Isn't it true that without Esparza, you had no investigation?
You're trespassing into the area of witness protection, Mr. Dowd. Such showboating puts lives at risk.
I didn't say he was an informant. But since you mentioned it, wasn't Esparza your primary informant?
I can't be expected to remember the name of every informant eight years after the fact.
-- But you just said you were personally involved with all the principals of the investigation.
I don't think I know that name.
And who was Arturo Esparza?
In those days, they often worked as a team.
The same three detectives on the Jimmy Chin case.
Lou Sklaroff, Vin Badalato, Dave Montell.
And who were the detectives who assisted you, Mr. Reynard?
Mr. Dowd, I was personally involved with all phases -- and principals -- of the investigation.
Did you do any hands-on work or did you just supervise, from on high?
If I were sitting where I normally sit, I would say "Calls for speculation."
Didn't this investigation, with its attendant publicity, catapult you into the office you now hold?
Yes, Mr. Dowd.
I'd need a continuance. Three weeks at least.
-- Can't Mr. Dowd find his own expert witness, your Honor?
-- in a context.
-- alleged crime --
Your Honor, I know as much about these gangs as anyone; I'm well aware of the secrecy in which their machinations are cloaked... I assure you this witness offers the court a rare opportunity to place the defendant's crime --
The great personal sacrifices endured by Mr. Reynard have no bearing on the legal issues, your Honor -- !
The witness is recalcitrant, your Honor -- I had to personally make a body attachment this morning -- it took two Marshalls to drag him here!
The witness will substantiate Mr. Kim's modus operandi. It's circumstantial evidence in the case at hand!
-- Objection, your Honor! This case has no connection with any subsequent act my client may be charged with!
We just discovered him, your Honor! His appearance is critical to a fair presentation of our case! He is an inmate at Ossining Correctional and --
Your Honor, that's trial by ambush!
Objection.
To the best of your recollection, were you sober when you performed the tests?
Badgering.
You don't speak any Chinese dialects? Then you get your intelligence from snitches?
Calls for speculation.
Isn't it unusual for a man who's just committed a murder in plain sight to bring the weapon back to his apartment?
Argumentative.
Isn't it a standard trick to pack a line-up with men who resemble each other but look different than the suspect, so the suspect will stand out for the eyewitnesses?
Objection. The witness is not an expert in racial classification.
Isn't it a fact that the "six other Asian men" in the line-up were all of the classic Mongoloid type, whereas Shu has the distinct facial bone structure of a Korean?
That's big of you, Bob.
I'll prosecute anyone who fucks up. If that makes me look racist, it's a trade-off I'll live with, Ed.
No, Mr. Dowd, you'll see me in court. I'm prosecuting this case.
But I'm a quick study. Tell your Deputy D.A. -- Rabin? -- that I'll see him in court.
But now you've strayed from your area of expertise -- dope -- into street assassins. A subject on which you're dangerously ignorant.
You know you're very tense, Mr. Reynard. Y'oughta take a week off, fly the wife and kids to Oahu.
You're pissing me off again, Ed.
I never joke about waiving a client's Sixth Amendment right to trial.
We reconvict, your man's looking at 25 years on two counts, served consecutively. So what I'd like to ask, Ed, is: Are you joking?
That's right.
I see: He'd walk out next month.
You're my only problem, Ed. What does it take to make you go away?
Please don't bullshit me, Mr. Reynard. You've got witness problems, you've got proof problems...
Friday's the drop-dead date on the offer.
What am I looking for? You're the one talking deal.
Yes, but that's not the issue. What's on your wish list, Ed? Pleading Kim out to first degree man on both homicides, with an agreed sentence of 15 to life running concurrent? Come on... What're you looking for here?
Are you implying that my motives are less than sincere?
Now maybe you got this case reopened because you see yourself as a thorn in society's side, or you want to walk into any restaurant in Chinatown and get free dumplings...
I'd have that checked, Mr. Reynard.
Back in the Seventies I spent years putting away gangsters in a Colombian syndicate called "the Ochoa". These guys are very dangerous, Ed. When I hear that a small-time dope lawyer is conniving to spring one of these guys, I see red.
Your client is guilty. Don't dick around with me.
I'm sorry if I've ruined your day, Mr. Reynard. But my client's had a rough eight years behind bars and --
Let's not drag the Constitution into this.
It's in the area of narcotics, Mr. Reynard, that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment.
My staff tells me it's been mostly drug pushers... I said that can't be the same Edward Dowd.
This and that.
You won't remember this, but in '72 I was one of several prosecutors assigned to the Black Panther-Police Shootout.  We had a whole team, and you walked into court by yourself and kicked our collective butt.  So what've you been up to since then?
Shu Kai Kim.
Of course you know Dean Rabin, one of my Assistant D.A.s. Dean generally handles nuisance cases like the... what's the man's name?
Don Reynard.
Edward T. Dowd.
No -- leave him be. It's better for everyone.
Shouldn't one of us...?
It's okay. It was always like that.
But they've still got Laura Gordon -- and she was the closest, about 20 feet from the killer.
-- Every word.
You getting this?
So what'd this guy do? Snitch off a dealer?
I'll take odds on Cecil Number Two.
My skip-trace turned up two Cecil Stipes. One's in Butte, Montana. Other's at Riverhead Veterans Psychiatric.
-- Eddie told you?
You read Eddie's Chase Manhattan Bombing summation in the Leftist Law anthology?
You mustn't talk to Art. You mustn't tell Art that I was at the trial. Do you hear me?
-- Roger --
Look. Mister --
Chuckie OD'd, Mrs. Esparza. He's dead.
-- Why don't you ask Chuckie?
Then it was your idea to have Chuckie Roeder scare Eddie off the case?
That's right.
...And you were at the trial to... to see that justice was done?
I knew Jimmy Chin. The boy who was shot. Okay?
I followed you here from court.
-- What trial?
What were you... Why were you at Shu's trial this afternoon?
I'm Roger Baron. I work with Edward Dowd.
What do you want?
You mean to say Mr. Kim told you that he murdered Jimmy Chin?
Chinatown. Sounded pretty cold...
And why was an exception made?
Shu's the only one I know of...
Isn't it unusual for an Asian to be accepted into a Cuban prison gang?
Soldado.
Mr. Ortega, what is Shu Kai Kim's rank within La Compania?
That's right.
By "takes care of," you mean "kills".
...A soldado, he takes care of it.
If a member of the Aryan Brothers tries to cut in on your distribution?
Cigarettes, candy bars...  PCP, crack...
"Materiel"? What do you mean by that?
A soldado, he runs messages and materiel between the regiments...
And what does a soldado -- a soldier -- do?
I'm a soldado in the G-Wing Regiment.
"Name, rank and serial," Mr. Ortega. Let's not hide behind the Fifth.
What is your rank within La Compania?
Yeah, we do some of that.
Do the rival gangs compete for control of the prison drug trade?
I would tend to plead the Fifth.
For control of the prison drug trade?
Fighting the Aryan Warriors and the Black Guerrillas, basically.
And its purpose?
A Cubano army, basically... inside and outside prisons.
Mr. Ortega... What is "La Compania"?
Five years.
I would tend to plead the Fifth.
Mr. Ortega, you've known the defendant at Ossining Correctional for how long?
And you b-believe that.
The phone company was broken up.
Telephone.  I suppose you don't know the phone company killed Kennedy because he was trying to b-break it up -- and they'll never let that happen. They control everything: what you say in the mouthpiece is never exactly what comes out the other end, and --
CIA?
No! They g-got the wrong guy! I saw it! The killer wasn't Chinese.
I think what Eddie wants to say is --
That guy they arrested -- he was the wrong g-guy.
Mr. Stipe. A young man named Jimmy Chin was shot to death eight years ago, in Chinatown. Do you remember talking to the police?
You're a l-lawyer?  I... I haven't had my meds, or m-my vital signs t-taken yet. I...
She is preparing a great abundance of food.
You're describing half the high school girls in America.  What is she doing right now?
She's in high school. She's sexually active. She's on drugs. She's crying out for some help.
Tell me some other things about her.
Blonde.
What color hair will she have?
A woman.
Let's test it for the record. Will the next victim be a man or a woman?
Yes. Either right now or right when I thought of it. The name and memory of Teresa Banks is haunting me. Lately I have been filled with a knowingness that the murderer will strike again. Because it is only a feeling, I am powerless to stop it. And another thing, Albert, when the next murder happens you will help me solve it.
You said, "Teresa Banks", so you think something is going on somewhere in the world right now that is connected with her murder?
Albert.
Yes, it's a great big psychedelic circus ride, isn't it, Cooper?
The very fact that we are talking about word association means we are in a space that was opened up by our practice of word association. The world is a hologram, Albert.
Cooper, the ooze of mumbo jumbo is rising up above our heads. Do you honestly think Cole's practice of word association works?
I want you to kill for me.
No. Never. You'll have to kill me.
I want you to kill for me.
No.
I am the One who wants to breathe thru your nose and taste thru your mouth.
Who are you? Who are you REALLY?
That's not important. I will tell you what is important. The fan will soon be starting.
NO! GOD, NO...
SEE WHAT WE CAN DO TO DONNA?
I want you.
Go away. I am not talking to you.
I'm glad you let me talk to you. You used to not let me talk to you.
No... No, go away.
Thanks, Bobby.  And my little round friends, too.
Bobby's got it.
Bobby...
We can do it right here.
Why? Why not? Where are you goin'?
Not tonight. Just give me something to take home to hold me over till tomorrow.
Let's ditch this place and party.
Sure, but I can't get it till after school tomorrow.
Yeah, and I'm gonna need that ten thousand dollars back.
I'm not... Bobby I'm gonna need some more stuff. I mean it. I'm out.
Don't get funny with me again.
What is the world coming to when you kill a guy for baby laxative?
No shit...  We killed a guy for baby laxative.
Baby laxative? We can't snort baby laxative.
The stuff we got last night.
What was?
Bad news, kid, it was baby laxative.
You killed Mike.
Babe, I'm on my way out to the woods to divvy up the product. Put this cash in your safety deposit box...  It's ten thousand dollars.
Bobby... ssshhhh... you killed Mike.
This isn't Mike.  Is this Mike?
Here he comes.
Here he comes.
Don't be late.
Maybe our biggest. I'll see you two doors down from your place at 11:00.
Thank you, Bobby. A big score?
It's taken care of, babe. You and I are going to make a big score tonight.  This will tide you over.
I'm nearly out.
Oh, come on, sweetie, give me one of your smiles.
Oh, yeah? You'll be callin' soon and maybe I'm not gonna be there.
Get lost Bobby.
I'M NOT KIDDIN'. WHERE WERE YOU? WHO WERE YOU WITH?
I was right behind you, but you're too dumb to turn around.  If he turned around he might get dizzy and fall down.
Where were you for the last hour? I've been lookin' for you?
My alibi is as strong as these bands of steel.
Sam, get the body and put it in the van.  Sheriff Cable, where were you the night Teresa Banks was murdered?
We got a phone, here, that's got a little ring.
Teresa Banks had a ring. Any idea what happened to it?
Maybe not a thing, but maybe two things.
We're taking the body back to Portland and there's not a thing you can do about it.
What the hell is that thing doing out there? You're not taking that body anywhere.
We've got our own clock. We'll lock up.
It's 4:30. We close at five.
Out back in our morgue.
That's why we're here, Sheriff Cable. Where's the body?
A basic kill. Banks was a drifter and nobody knew her. My boys have been all over this. It's a dead end.
Well, little fella, let me put it this way. The operative word here would be "Federal". With or without the semantics of all this, I am now ordering you to release all pertinent information concerning Teresa Banks, both while living and deceased.
You're lucky I am not wasting you.
Your behavior is not funny and is wasting the time of the Federal Government.
Well, little fella, we don't need any outside help here. I don't like you people sniffin' around my neck of the woods. In fact, when the state boys called me about a "J. Edgar" coming up I think I said, "So what?"
I'm here to investigate the murder of Teresa Banks.
Yep, it sure is.
Is that Agent Desmond's vehicle?
Chalfont. Weird. Chalfont was the name of the folks that rented the space before they did. Two Chalfonts.
Can you tell me what their names were?
An old woman and her grandson.
Can you tell me who's trailer it was... and who stayed in the trailer?
A trailer was here. What the hell do you think?
What was here, Mr. Rodd?
God damn, you people are confusing.
I am going over here.
Well, where are you going?
I am not going to Cliff's trailer.
That's not the way to Cliff's trailer. I told you.
Thank you, Carl.
GOD. I'm beginning to lose faith in the United States Government and that includes the telephone system. Don't you folks talk to one another. That's her trailer there and I haven't touched a god damn thing. Agent Chet Desmond come by a second time and asked too see Deputy Cliff Howard's trailer  ...which I showed him. I went back to my trailer...  After that I never saw him again.
That's alright. I was having a bad dream. I was dreamin' about a joke with no punchline.
Thanks for your help, Carl. Sorry we woke you up.
Not a lot around here, no. Got some clubs, but not very many fellas with balls.
Is there a golf course around here?
That's right. That's the best coffee you're gonna get around here.
You weren't kiddin'. This stuff's got the sting of the forty-eight hour blend.
No, hey, I already told this whole damn thing to Sheriff "Not-Quite- Able"... Here's the trailer now.
Yes they do. Did she have visitors?
Not that I know of. But arguments do happen, don't they?
Was there an argument?
Right. She had a friend with her. The friend took off.
Did she have someone with her?
Mrs. Simmons owns the trailer and she lives in town. Teresa rented it about a month ago.
More popular than Uncle's Day at a whorehouse.  GOD DAMN, THAT MORNING SUN IS BRIGHT! BLUE BRIGHT.
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Special Agent Chet Desmond and Agent Sam Stanley. Sorry to disturb you, but we would like to see Teresa Banks' trailer, please.
I think I'll take off my badge as well.
You try that you little monkey.
No you couldn't.
Got a couple of cups of coffee at Hap's from her. That's it. By the way where do you get off questioning a lawman? I could ask you the same question.
Did you know Teresa Banks?
You can tell J. Edgar that I was at a party and I got fifteen fuckin' witnesses.
Can I ask you where you were the night Teresa Banks was murdered?
Maybe I just live here, what do you think about that?
What are you doing here in the trailer court, Deputy?
Oh.
Okay, that's it. I've had enough of the waiting room now.
Right, Gordon. We'll be in touch.
GOOD LUCK, CHET.  SAM, YOU STICK WITH CHET, HE'S GOT HIS OWN M.O. MODUS OPERANDI.  YOU CAN REACH ME AT THE PHILADELPHIA OFFICES. I AM FLYING OUT TODAY.
YOUR SURPRISE, CHET. HER NAME IS LIL.
Congratulations. I heard about that.
I'VE GOT A SURPRISE FOR YOU, CHET. SOMETHING INTERESTING THAT I WOULD LIKE TO SHOW YOU. ARRANGEMENTS ARE BEING MADE AND I WILL MEET YOU AT THE PORTLAND, AIRPORT.
Smell something fishy, huh?
GOT A MAP OF THE ENVIRONS OF THE YAKIMA INDIAN RESERVATION WITH YOUR NAME ON IT. BETTER BRING A POLE.
Okay, Gordon!!!
OREGON. A YOUNG GIRL HAS BEEN MURDERED. SEVENTEEN YEARS OLD. NAMED TERESA BANKS.
OK, Gordon.
NO, IT'S OREGON, PORTLAND, OREGON. IT'S REGIONAL BUREAU CHIEF COLE. OUT IN PORTLAND OREGON. I NEED YOU OUT HERE, CHET.
OK, Gordon.
CHET, I AM CALLING YOU FROM PORTLAND... OREGON.
Yes...
ALBERT, WHY TYLENOL?
It was a year ago today that Teresa Banks was killed. I'm wondering if the murderer will ever kill again.
ALBERT?
Teresa Banks.
QUICKLY MEN... WORD ASSOCIATION, COOP. WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT RIGHT NOW?
ALBERT, COME BACK HERE. HE'S GONE CALL THE FRONT DESK.
What?
HE'S GONE.
COOPER, MEET THE LONG LOST PHILLIP JEFFRIES. YOU MAY HAVE HEARD OF HIM AT THE ACADEMY.
Phillip?
COOP, AGENT CHET DESMOND HAS DISAPPEARED. GONE LIKE THE WIND IN DEER MEADOW.
What is it, Gordon?
No, sir, we did not.
And no one found the ring?
Take a look at this. Chet and I found it under Teresa Banks' ring fingernail.
Tell me about the letter.
No one could've found those splinters without a machine like this and no one has a machine like this.
Stanley, I heard all about it.
I cracked the Whiteman case with this.
Oh, alright.  You know, I liked Agent Desmond. He had his own M.O.
And neither will I.
Agent Chet wouldn't tell me what the Blue Rose meant.
I'm up to speed, Stanley.
Did Gordon show you a woman named Lil?
Anything else?
Agent Chet said he wanted to check the trailer court one more time. He had me drive the van with the body back here. Which we did. It was 105 miles.
You are here and there is no place to go...
Where am I? And how can I leave?
The later events have never been kept a secret.
That would indicate that it's the future.
Someone else has it now.
Where is the ring?
No.  Ask Irene over there.
Did she ever mention any friends?
No.
Ever see her with someone else?
No.
Any friends?
Sheriff Cable's already asked me a few questions about Teresa Banks. She worked nights for a month. That's it.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about Teresa Banks
He didn't suffer.
Sorry to hear it.
He's dead -- good and dead.
Where's Hap?
Had the FBI here once before. Back in the fifties when Hap was running the place.
Thanks.
Her left arm. It was numb. She said she couldn't use it. Said it had no feeling. Probably from the drugs she was taking.  I just thought I ought to tell you.
What do you mean?
You know, I never told anybody, but once for about three days, just before her time, Teresa's arm went completely dead.
Thanks.
I've thought about that. I think her death is what you would call a "freak accident".
He's with me.  Anything you would like to tell us about Teresa Banks that would help us out?
No, I do not. I never took cocaine or any other drugs. I don't take drugs.
Do you take cocaine, Irene?
No.
Did you ever see Teresa take cocaine?
There was only one job. Teresa took the job. Her friend took a hike. Never saw her again.
What happened to her?
Came looking for a job with a friend of hers. Pretty girl. Could've been her sister.
She only worked here a month. Nice girl. Never seemed to get here on time though. Ask me she had a little problem with --
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Special Agent Chet Desmond. I'd like to ask you a few questions about Teresa Banks. Jack said you knew her. How well?
Say no more.
Jack and I are united in holy matrimony.
How come Jack let's you work here?
Take a good look around. There's nobody in this place -- you're meetin' the reason why. What'll it be?
We do notice things, don't we, Agent Desmond? Are you going back to the trailer park for the Blue rose?
Thanks, Sam, for the good work. You have a good eye for detail.
Esthetics are subjective, aren't they, Agent Desmond?  I'm Sam Stanley. If you ever need me.
Faulty wiring.
One thing that has been troubling me. That lamp at the diner. Do you think they were working on it for esthetic reasons or was their work due to faulty wiring?
I don't take it, Sam. I give it.
When he says, "Discussion", how do you take that, Agent Desmond?
Yes, he is like a clown.
He's not the murderer.  But he's a bozo.
I couldn't help but notice that you had a suspicion that Deputy Cliff was the murderer. You did think that, didn't you, Agent Desmond?
May I see the magnifying glass, Agent Desmond?  There doesn't seem to be enough detail in the photo to ascertain the design on the ring.
My guess is there isn't enough detail in the photo to get an idea of the design on the ring, but we should do a blowup of this anyway.
She's wearing a ring.
Take a look at this.
I'll get my kit.
You better dust this place, Sam.
She must have known someone.
She lived alone.
In that case, we should go to the Canyon Trailer Park.
No, Sam, I'm speaking plainly and I mean just exactly what I say.
Are you speaking to me in a code?
I think we should see the sun rise at the Canyon Trailer Park.
I think that's a good idea.
I doubt it was drugs, more likely a problem with a nerve. I could recheck the arm for injuries, but for real nerve work we are going to have to take the body back to Portland.
It's not late, it's early. Really early.
It's late, Sam.
Agent Desmond, it's...
Yes, it's been several hours since we've eaten. I didn't realize that so much time had past, did you, Agent Desmond?
We're not. You and I are going to get some food.
Geez, Agent Desmond, it's three-thirty in the morning. Where are we going to sleep?
It is a piece of paper with the letter "T" imprinted on it. Take a look.
What is it?
Agent Desmond, would you hold the finger for me. There's something up there.
Accidental?
Oh.
There appears to be a contusion under the ring finger of her left hand.
Cole said she was 17.
Crushed skull. Probable cause repeated blows to the back of the head with an obtuse angled blunt object. Subject looks to be between 16 and 18 years of age.
Sure, but let's finish up with this first.
Maybe, later we could take a look.
I don't know, Sam.
Yes, it is good.  What do you think is in these other drawers?
That's good.
No one could find those splinters without a machine like this. And no one had a machine like this.
That's what I heard.
Solved the Whiteman Case with this.
It must be a high priority situation.
Gordon would not have sent us to Deer Meadow without thinking it was a high priority situation.
I see. He does talk loud.
He talks loud. And he loves his code.
Why couldn't he have just told you all these things?
What? That's just Gordon's bad taste.
What did Gordon's tie mean?
Very good, but I can't tell you about that.
A blue rose.
Gordon said you were good. The tailored dress is our code for drugs. Did you notice what was pinned to it?
The dress she was wearing had been altered to fit her. I noticed a different colored thread where the dress had been taken in. It wasn't her dress or she must have lost some weight.
Right, which is probably why Lil was wearing a red wig meaning we are headed into a dangerous situation. Let me ask you something, Stanley, did you notice anything about the dress?
So the sheriff had got an Uncle who's committed a serious crime.
Not Cole's Uncle but probably the sheriff's uncle in federal prison.
Oh, the uncle is missing.
Her face had a sour look... that means we're going to have trouble with the local authorities. They are not going to be receptive to the FBI.
What do you mean?
Lil was wearing a sour face.
I'll explain it to you. Do you remember Lil's dance?
How do you figure?
We're heading into a difficult situation.
Shorthand. Really?
Sort of shorthand.
Code, I've heard a lot about this.
Code. If you work with Gordon you learn that right away.
That was really something.  That dancing girl.  What did it mean?
Cause I like it.
Why do you do it, Laura?
And I love you, too. But don't wear my stuff.
But I love you, Laura.
All my things have me in them. I don't want you to be like me.
Was I wearing something of yours and you got mad at me?
I can't help you there.
How did I get in the house? How did I get into my bed?
WE got it back, that's all.
How did the car get back here?
What can I tell you?
I feel so bad. I had nightmares all night long.  They all knew you at that place.
No.
You're not mad at me?
I know you are and you don't have to do anything crazy to prove it.
Laura, I am your friend.
No, you should forget about last night.
I can't remember anything about last night. Is there something I should remember?
Not you, Donna, not you.
I won't wear your stuff.  I promise.
Jacques, help me get her home. NOW!
Okay, I won't wear your stuff... Why can't I wear your stuff?
Don't ever wear my stuff, don't ever wear my stuff. Never.
YES YOU DO, DONNA. What a downer you are!!!
No.  I don't need to take this to be your friend.
Nothing.
What are you doing?
Gotta go, Donna. I'll call you tomorrow.
If I had a nickel for every cigarette your mom smoked, I'd be dead.
Dancing.
You mean Fred and Ginger?
Where are the Cookies?
Laura, aren't you going to fix me a drink?
Isn't tonight the night you are going to do it with Mike?
Come on, Laura. I'm your best friend.
No place, fast.  And you're not coming.
Where are you going?
No, you're the muffin.
Goodbye, Muffin.
Donna, you are a muffin.
You want a muffin?
If I can smoke it.
This is about sex, not like.  Mom, Laura's here and I think I will have one of those huckleberry muffins.  You want a muffin?
Donna, you are such a crack up. You don't even like Mike. Is this what you are going to do to show me you are not uptight.
I'm in a mess today, too.  I'm thinking about doing it with Mike. What do you think?
No, I want to smoke.
Do you want to talk?
You know, even when I think about your face I get happier.
Okay, L.  I am your friend... always. But sometimes... lately... I feel that you don't like being around me because I am so uptight.  No, I am uptight. I hate it... I don't want to be this way, but Laura I don't... I mean... I'm your friend no matter what way you are.
Yes, that's what I want. Thanks D.
Laura, how about one friend for the rest of your whole life?
I just want a friend. Just one friend for just one minute...
What is it Laura? What's wrong?
Of course...
Donna, are you my best friend?
Laura?
Call me anything just don't call me late for dinner.
Sure. What do you want me to call you?
Call me.
Okay, I suppose I should go home.
Maybe I better start our homework.
Faster and faster. For a long time you wouldn't feel anything. Then you would burst into fire... forever.
Do you think that if you were falling in space you would slow down after a while or go faster and faster?
James is very sweet and very gorgeous.
Sweet? God, he's gorgeous.
Yes, James is very sweet. Why don't you get out your violin, Donna?
Because Bobby is a loser, you said so yourself. He's a goon.  James is the one.  He loves you with that "lasting love"... "true love".
Well, why not?
Oh god, Laura.
Maybe.
You're telling me, but only because you never let me in on any of it... you're not going to see Bobby, are you?
Why are you suddenly so interested in who I am going to see at night? Nighttime is my time.
Are you going to see James tonight?
I'm just too adorable. I'm just too adorable.
Laura Palmer, you're just too adorable.
You know, I think you're right. I'm just too adorable.
You know what your problem is?  You're just too adorable...
I don't know what to do.
Are you going to tell him about that "someone else"?
No, and yes. I don't know what I'm going to do about Bobby. I know he is seeing someone else and that's okay with me, and he thinks I'm seeing someone else and that's not okay with him.
Were you with Bobby? Or are you two still fighting?
He probably wanted to drive over.
The usual, 9:15.
When?
James called me last night looking for you.
Thanks.
You graduating this year will be proof that miracles happen.
Don't tell me now. Tell me right before the test. I won't be able to remember long enough.
Okay, this test is going to be about the theorems I told you about last week. You remember the...
Noooo...
You didn't do your homework?
If I am going to get through math today, you're going to have to bring me up to speed quick.
Brother, I hear you talkin'.
Even this heavy work beats being at home with the old ball and chain.
Yeah... look in here. Look at it from this angle.
I did? I didn't see anything.
You missed somethin', Ed.
Yep...  Yes...  It is.
Nice night.
I haven't got it yet.
You got it.
Fill 'er up.
What'll it be?
Yep. You're right. That's why I'm here.
You know what that Big "E" stands for? Big Ed's Gas Farm.
No... hell, no. Just got in the truck, started drivin', looked down at the gauge and saw a big "E" starin' at me.
Hey, Pete. Can't believe your tank's dry up at the mill.
I'm so sorry, Laura.
He's in love with a girl who's dead.  It is dangerous for you to have it. I'm sorry.
What about James? Can't James help you? You two are so in love.
But you're strong Laura... so much stronger than I... How can I help you? I can't. I can't even go outside.
I hate him, I hate it. Sometimes I love it. But now I'm afraid. I am so afraid.
Laura, no, I'm not. I'm not Bob.  Poor Laura. I wish I could help you.
You're not Bob are you, Harold? If you are, you can kill me right now. Kill me right now, if you are.
Oh, yes... yes...
No... No...
He wants to be me... or he will kill me.
What does Bob say?
The diary was hidden too well. He's the only one who could know where it was. He's getting to know me, now. He's real. He speaks to me.
Bob is real. He's been "having" me since I was 12.
Maybe.
The pages are gone. That's real.
But Bob isn't real.
Bob.
Who would do that?
My secret diary. There are pages missing.
Send me a kiss.
I'm dealing with it, Doc. Big time. Maybe I'll make you a tape tomorrow. Goodnight.
Laura, you have to deal with all of this.
I already made you two tapes.
Did you make me a tape?
I'm not.
A little trouble with your parents is the least of your worries and something I am certainly willing to put up with.
I couldn't it was Johnny Horne's birthday. I promised I'd be with him. I told you not to call me here.
Laura, you didn't come and see me today.
Let's go all the way.
We're on our way, Baby.
Buy me a ticket to The Great Went.
Right on time, baby.
But it wasn't him... she was after a huge guy, six foot four with a broken nose. She said he looked just like a boxer. Speaking of sandwiches... I think Bobby was arranging something for you...  Speaking of arrangements...  SPEAKING OF ARRANGEMENTS... Why don't you two come up to the cabin this week? Leo and I know that Santy Claus is coming to town... Thursday.
What? She asked about my father?
That's right. She called me. She even asked me what your fathers looked like...
And what a muffin you have.
I am The Muffin.
No "Jacques". I am the Great Went.
Hey, Jacques...
Baby, you know why? Cause it'll never get here.
Right. Open your eyes, James. You don't know me. Even Donna doesn't know me. Your Laura disappeared... It's just me now.
See what?
You want to see...
What are you talking about? Bobby didn't kill anybody.
Bobby killed a guy.
What?
When he finds out.
What?
Shit, maybe he'll kill you.
I do love you.  Let's get lost together.
Say anything you want... I know you love me and I love you.
You mean the ones you pity.
You always hurt the ones you love.
"Oh, Laura..."
Oh, Laura.
Everything, but everything.
What is wrong with us?... We have everything.
You know it and I know it.
What do you mean?
That's right. There's no place left to go is there, James?
What the hell is wrong with you?
I just can't, James. I can't do it.
What's going on?
I can't tonight.
What about tonight?
Okay.  Oh god, it's Johnny Horne's birthday today.
This afternoon?
Not now.
I've got to see you.
When am I going to see you?
James...
You're on somethin' again, aren't you?
How can I be together if I'm not together?
We were supposed to be together.
You were supposed to show up. Maybe I wasn't.
Where were you last night? We were supposed to get together. You didn't show up.
Gobble, gobble, gobble.
You're not a turkey. A turkey is one of the dumbest birds on earth.
James, you don't know what you are talking about. Quit trying to hold on so tight. I'm gone... long gone like a turkey through the corn.
It does matter. We're in love.
No, it doesn't... just kiss me.
Why? It does.
Yes, I love you. I've told you, but it doesn't really matter.
Laura, do you love me?
Okay.
Laura, I'll meet you at 2:30 after phys. ed.
James...
They were looking for wood.
History is on our side, Ben. It's no accident that the great explorers were named Hennepin, Nicollet, Marquette.
Exactment. They are nuts about wood. They get goofy over trees.
Trees?
You're getting warmer.
Sex?
You'd think so.
Eating?
No.
Hiking?
No.
Boating?
Johnny, Johnny... let your Daddy and your Uncle and Leland talk.  Ben... Leland, we can play the French against the Norwegians. What do the French love more than anything?
We throw away the whole head.
I understand.
I'm not saying it's right or wrong, it's just the way I feel. It's the custom thing I was thinking of. In America we don't use any part of the fish but the meat just to the side of the insides. We throw away the tail, the rest of the insides and the head.
I saw a guy eat a fish eye once in Seattle. He was digging through his food with his chopsticks for about five minutes till he found the fish eye and he dropped it into his throat. I guess it must have gotten stuck in his uvula because right away he started to have trouble. His throat began to flutter there like there was a wind blowing. And he couldn't swallow and they rushed to him and loosened his collar and they were asking him if he was alright and he started to turn blue and his eyes started to roll back into his head and he still couldn't get the fish eye out and they tried to do a Heimlich maneuver. I went over to him as they were preparing to do an emergency tracheotomy. They were over him with a knife when he suddenly shot the fish eye out of his throat and right onto the ceiling. Splat! It just stuck up there and spread out. It was about the size of a half dollar. And that's why I don't ever eat fish eyes.
Why wouldn't you eat a fish eye, Harry?
Even if it offended someone, I wouldn't eat a fish eye.
Fish eyes?
Believe me, Josie, you would not offend the customs of this country. For instance, I don't eat fish eyes.
I don't want to offend the customs of your country.
What are you afraid of? What people think?
That would be wonderful, but it's only been a year since Andrew died.
Josie, I think we should go public.
Good night, sweetheart.
Good night, Mom.
It's a school night... back by nine.
If it's okay with you I'm going to Bobby's to do my homework.
Ben asked him to stay late to plan for the Norwegians.
Where's Dad?
Sure you do, it's good for you.
I hate asparagus.
Mom, take it easy.
My god, I am going to have another breakdown. God, god.
Mom... what are you wearing?
Laura, now I can't find that blue sweater. Did you take it again?
Now hurry, dinner's almost ready. Your father says he's starving.
I'm sorry, Mom.
Oh, honey, you don't have to lie to me. Ever. You can tell me anything. I'll understand.
I had to see Bobby. I know you really don't like Bobby, but there was a problem and I didn't think you would understand.
I was looking for that blue sweater that you borrowed which I found balled up in the bottom of your closet. Now why did you lie to me? Where did you go?
What were you doing in my room?
You lied to me about those school books. I found them upstairs on your bed.
What?
Laura.
I forgot my books at school.
Sure honey, what's the hurry?
Can I take the car?
NO! YOU CAN'T HAVE ME.  KILL ME.
I always thought you knew it was me.
NO, YOU HAVE TO KILL ME.
DON'T MAKE ME DO IT.
Stay away from me.
Laura. What's wrong this morning?
I was down the street.
You know, I did come home, come to think of it, on Thursday. I had a severe headache and I was driving in the neighborhood so I just darted in and out of the house.  Where were you, Laura? I didn't see you?
Oh, I thought I saw you.
No.
Did you come home during the day last week?
Yes.
Dad?
Yes.
Are you sure you're okay?
Guy just pulls up out of the blue... I mean... what is this world coming to?
Just sit here for a moment. You seem very upset.
We're late to get to your mother.
No.
No, you haven't met him. Have you met him?
Dad... Dad... Who was that? How do you know him? He looked familiar. Have I met him?
A special friend?
A friend from school.
Who was that?
Your hands are filthy... look, there is dirt way under this fingernail.
Dad...
Let me see.
Not really.
Sit down... sit down... Are you hungry?
...school's fine...
School?
Fine.
Hi, honey, how's Donna?
But my name isn't Leland Palmer.
The Norwegians are coming next week and I want you to learn to say what I just learned in Norwegian. So you can talk to them. I want you to learn to say, "Hello, my name is Leland Palmer".
Hyggelig a mote dem. Jeg Heter Leland Palmer.
Dad.
Oh, I'll sit down, but none of us are going to start eating till Laura goes and washes her hands.
Oh, Leland, sit down and eat you dinner.
How do you know what she doesn't like?
Leland leave her alone... She doesn't like that. Stop it.
Did Bobby give you that or is there someone new?
How would you know if Bobby didn't give her that?
Bobby didn't give you this?
They don't call them lovers in high school, Leland.
Did you get this from your lover?
Laura didn't wash her hands before dinner.  And look at this.
Leland...
Look at this finger here.
Leland, what are you doing?
This is serious. Mr. Benjamin Horne's got a delegation of Norwegians coming in next week and I want both of you to learn to introduce yourself. Sarah, you first.
Neither is mine. And can't we talk about something serious for a change.
Oh, Leland.
Hello, Laura. Hello Sarah. Where's my axe?  "I'm hungry".
Nothing, I chickened out.
What's wrong?
That's right.
I don't know.
Who am I?
What are you doing?
I can arrange that. I like that.
Soon. How about next time we party with the girlfriends you told me about?
When's the next business trip, big fella?
What did you say?
Come off it, Leo. I'm late for work...
I'm going to show you how to wash this tile and then you're going to do it.
As if I didn't know.
That's one thing you are going to learn, Shelly, -- HOW TO CLEAN. It takes scrubbing, Shelly. There is no easy way. THIS IS WHERE WE LIVE, SHELLY.
Anybody can clean the surface of an object, but dirt can find its way anywhere. To really clean, you have to scrub below the surface.  WHERE THE DIRT IS, SHELLY.
Lay off the bennies, Leo.
Someone who knows how to clean knows where the object was before she started cleaning and then that object goes back to its exact same spot. Shelly, I know where everything in this house is. Sometimes on the road I mentally go through this whole house and picture where every item is.
Don't worry, Shelly, I'll handle Leo.
If Leo comes here, he won't believe that I am out doing the "Meals on Wheels".
Come back as soon as you can.
Norma, are you alright?
There's no one here.
You're right. There's no one here.
What's with that Laura? Yeah, sure, take a look around. There's no one here anyway.
Laura just took off. She asked me to do the run today. Should I do it?
You're not busy, sweetheart, now go.
I'm kind of busy, Norma.
Shelly, would you give Laura a quick hand with the "Meals on Wheels"?
Ah. How did they treat you?
Yes.
Good.  You ever been inside a hospital?
I'm fine.
Abrams. Yes. How are you today?
Abrams...
Mr. Abraham...
As far as we know, nothing.
And so what is the rest of his case aside from Dr. Thompson?
Very good.
How good's your intelligence?
Nothing.
What did he find?
She's the only nurse who isn't testifying for the Doctors.
Why did he go to see Mary Rooney?
Yes.
I know that answer. If we went to trial would we win?
Well, of course, it's always dangerous...
If we were to go to trial, would we win the case?
All right. But let's keep the price down. I've called Ed Concannon. He recommends that we continue to respond as if we're going to trial.
So what I want to do is stop it here. I'm going to make him an offer. I want to do it myself. I want it to come from me.
No. Absolutely, and we're going to see that it is not.
I want to settle this thing and be done with it. I don't want the Archdiocese exposed.
Neither does he. That's where he loses. This man's scared to death to go to court. We only have to call his bluff.
No -- we don't want this case in court.
This is a nuisance suit. He's looking for small change. He's asking for six hundred thousand and betting we don't want to go to court.
...tell me about this case.
The man's an ambulance chaser...
Four cases in three years...
Accused. Not indicted. He resigned the firm. Divorced nineteen seventy. Galvin worked with Michael Morrissey until Morrissey retired in 'seventy- eight. Since then he's been on his own. Four cases before the Circuit Court. He lost them all. He drinks.
He was accused of jury tampering.
That that poor girl put her trust in the hands of two men who took her life, she's in a coma, her life is gone. She has no family, she has no home, she's tied to a machine, she has no friends -- and the people who should care for her: her Doctors, and you, and me, have been bought off to look the other way. We have been paid to look the other way. I came in here to take your money.  I brought snapshots to show you. So I could get your money.  I can't take it. If I take it. If I take that money I'm lost. I'm just going to be a rich ambulance chaser.  I can't do it. I can't take it.
What is the truth?
And no one will know the truth.
Nothing that we can do can make that woman well.
Yes. It would be.
That was our insurance company's recommendation.
Because it struck me how neatly 'three' went into the amount. Two Hundred Ten Thousand. That would mean I keep seventy.
Yes.
You thought it was just.
We thought it was just.
How did you settle on the amount?
It's a generous offer, Mr. Galvin...  ...nothing can make the woman well... but we try to compensate... to make a gesture...
Does that mean I'm back for awhile?
They want to settle.  It means a lot of money.
What does it mean?
That's the call that I'm waiting for.
Frank Galvin's... who's calling please? Bishop Brophy's office...
This is going to drive the ante up.
...a Mrs. Doneghy called... I told you that.
To get somebody from a Boston hospital to say he'll testify?
You know what that would mean?
It looks that way.
...he wants to testify...?
Mickey told him to call.  'He's some very hotshot surgeon at Mass. Commonwealth. He wants to meet with you at seven tonight re testimony in the case of Deborah Ann Kaye. You meet him at the hospital.'
Gruber...
...that was a Dr. David Gruber's office...
...yes. Get her on the phone...
...here's your mail, call Mrs. Doneghy...
Mickey told me to come back to work.
What are you doing here?
After, after the operation, when that poor girl, she went in a coma. Dr. Towler called me in. He told me he had five difficult deliveries in a row and he was tired, and he never looked at the admittance form.  And he told me to change the form. He told me to change the one to a nine.  Or else, or else, he said...  He said he'd fire me. He said I'd never work again... Who were these men...? Who were these men...? I wanted to be a nurse...
And why, please tell us, would you think that?
I thought I would need it.
...what in the world would induce you to make a photocopy of some obscure record and hold it four years? This is a... why? Why would you do that?
Because I kept a copy. I have it right here.
You didn't write that figure. And how is it that you remember that so clearly after four years?
Yes, I, yes, I signed it, yes. But I, I didn't write that figure.
You've just said you signed it.
That's not my handwriting.
You swore on this form that the patient ate nine hours ago.
I do. Yes.
'They lied.' Indeed! When did they lie? And do you know what a lie is?
They lied.
You know these doctors could have settled out of court. They wanted a trial. They wanted to clear their names.
I...
Then, please, which is correct? You've sworn today the patient ate one hour ago. Four years ago you swore she ate nine hours ago? Which is the lie. When were you lying?
I... yes.
And wasn't that an oath...? These are your initials here: K.C. When you signed this chart you took an oath. No less important than that which you took today.  Isn't that right?  Isn't that right...?
I...
Now. I'd like to ask you something: four years ago, when you were working as a nurse, are you aware that Drs. Towler and Marx based their treatment of Deborah Ann Kaye on this chart that you signed...?
Yes.
...sworn before God you would tell the truth?
Yes.
Just now...
Yes.
In fact, you've just taken an oath that you would not commit perjury. You've just sworn to that. Isn't that right?
No.
You would not...?
I wouldn't do it.
Yes.  It is a crime. A serious crime.
It's a crime.
You are aware of the penalties for perjury...?
Objection.
I did.
Do you, indeed. I'll bet you do. Fine. Fine. We'll save the court the time. We will admit the Doctor as an 'expert witness,' fine.
I have been practicing medicine for forty-six years and I know when an injustice has been done.
Sir. Yes. When a thing is wrong... as in this case, I am available. I am seventy-four years old, I am not board-certified.
Yes, we've heard that. Doctor: you testify quite a bit against other physicians? Isn't that right? You, you're available for that? When you're paid to be there?
I'm on the staff of...
Uh-huh. Still practice a lot of medicine?
I am seventy-four years old.
How old are you?
'Methodology and Techniques of Anesthesiology.' Yes.
...of Anesthesiology?
Meth... Methodology and Technique...
What book is that?
Through, through his book.
How is that?
I know of him.
Do you know Dr. Robert Towler...?
I'm just an M.D.
Orthopedics?
No.
Neurology?
No.
...I'm sure it is, but this is Massachusetts, Doctor. Certified in Internal Medicine?
No, I am not. It's quite common in New York State...
Are you board-certified in anesthesiology, Doctor?
Just as you are, Sir...
Engaged to render an opinion. For a price. Is that correct? You're being paid to be here today?
That is correct. I was engaged to render an opinion.
Dr. Thompson, just so the Jury knows, you never treated Deborah Ann Kaye. Is that correct?
And you would come here, and on a slip of memory four years ago, you'd ruin their lives.
Objection!
Your Honor...! Your Honor...
...almost nine minutes... causing brain damage.
We've touched on this, his own witness has said...
...to get her heartbeat back...?
Objection, we've...
Frank Galvin. We've met before.
Ed Concannon.
I'm going to uphold that.
Thank you, your Honor. Further: Ms. Costello is a rebuttal witness. As a 'Surprise Witness' she may only serve to rebut direct testimony. As her only evidentiary rebuttal was the admitting form, which has been disallowed I request that her entire testimony be disallowed and the jury advised that they must totally disregard her appearance here.
The document is disallowed, the jury will be advised not to consider the testimony of Kathy Costello regarding the Xerox form.  It's unsubstantiated and we can't accept a copy in preference to the original...
...one moment, Mr. Concannon...
Thank you, your Honor. We object to the copy of the admissions form as incompetent and essentially hearsay evidence and cite McGee versus State of Indiana, U.S. 131 point 2 and 216 through 25 of the Uniform Code: 'The admission of a duplicate document in preference to an existing original must presuppose the possibility of alteration and so must be disallowed.' And, your Honor, having given the Plaintiff the leeway we would like your ruling on this issue now: we object to the admission of the Xerox form.
You may step down.
No further questions.
I'll rule on that presently.  Proceed.
Objection! This is ri... expect us to accept a photocopy, we have the original right...
Mr. Galvin, rebuttal?
Nothing further, your Honor.
Mr. Concannon...?
My doctors didn't want a settlement at any price. They wanted this cleared up in court. They want their vindication. I agree with them. But for today the offer stands. Before we begin the publicity of a trial. For today only.  When I walk out that door the offer is withdrawn.  As long as you understand that.  It's got to be that way.
Huh!
Your Honor, Bishop Brophy and the Archdiocese have offered plaintiff two hundred and ten thousand dollars.
Tell us.
My God, we tried to save her... You can't know... You can't know...
You reached down into death. Now, isn't that right?
Yes!
...to save her and to save the baby. Is that...
...We did everything we could...
...A patient riddled with complications, questionable information on her, on her admitting form...
Yes.
...You brought thirty years of medical experience to bear. Isn't that what you did?
Well, we...
And what did your team do...
That's right.
...and her heart stopped and she wasn't getting oxygen.
She THREW UP IN HER MASK. Let's cut the bullshit. Say it: She THREW UP IN HER MASK.
She'd aspirated vomitus into her mask...
Tell me one?
Well, many reasons, actually...
Why wasn't she getting oxygen...?
It's a common medical expression, it's a crash program to restore the heartbeat. Dr. Marx cut an airway in her trachea, to get her oxygen, her and the baby... Ms. Nevins...
'Code Blue,' what does that mean...?
We went to Code Blue...
What did these people do when her heart stopped?
Mary Rooney, the obstetrical nurse...
Ms. Nevins, nurse-anesthetist; Dr. Marx, of course...
Dr. Towler, who was in the operating room with you?
Thank you. When Debby...
When she...
Anything special about the case?
Yes.
You were there to help Dr. Marx deliver her baby. Were you not?
Yes.
Answer affirmatively. Simply. Keep those answers to three words. You weren't 'part of a group,' you were her anesthesiologist. Isn't that right?
...I was one of a group of...
You were the anesthesiologist at her delivery May twelfth, nineteen seventy...
I was her doctor.
Say it.
Yes.
Whatever the 'truth' is, let's hear that. You were her doctor.
Don't equivocate. Be positive. Just tell the truth.
No, actually, she was referred to me. She was Dr. Hagman's patient...
I understand.  I went to the Bar Association. They tell me you're going to be disbarred.
If I could accept the offer right now, I would.  They took it back.
You guys, you guys, you're all the same. The Doctors at the hospital, you... it's 'What I'm going to do for you'; but you screw up it's 'We did the best that we could. I'm dreadfully sorry...' And people like me live with your mistakes the rest of our lives.
I'm going to win this case... Mist... Mr. Doneghy... I'm going to the Jury with a solid case, a famous doctor as an expert witness, and I'm going to win eight hundred thousand dollars.
What you thought!? What you thought... I'm a workingman, I'm trying to get my wife out of town, we hired you, we're paying you, I got to find out from the other side they offered two hundred...
I swear to you I wouldn't have turned the offer down unless I thought that I could win the case...
You ruined my life, Mister... Me and my wife... and I am going to ruin yours...  You don't have to go out there to see that girl. We been going four years.  Four years... my wife's been crying herself to sleep what they, what, what they did to her sister.
It's all right, Mickey.
I'm going to have you disbarred. I'm going to have your ticket. You know what you did? Do you know what you did?
Hold on a second.
You said you're gonna call me up. You didn't call me up. Who do you think you are?  Who do you think you are...?
It's completely done on a contingency basis. That means whatever the settlement is I retain one-third... that is, of course, the usual arrangement...
What is this going to cost?
We just...
I completely understand...
...we told them we didn't want it to come out this way.
I doubt we'll have to go to trial...
...the Archdiocese called up, they said who was our attorney, 'cause the case is coming to trial...
I was telling your wife, we have a very good case here.
...that's all right.
Please sit down. I told your wife. I'm sorry that we have to meet out here. I've got a case coming in two days in the Superior Court and my office is a mess of papers.
No. No. Thank you. You go home.
You sure you don't want me to stay on.
Yes... I... yes.
You know... sometimes people can surprise you. Sometimes they have a great capacity to hear the truth.
No. No thank you, Doctor. You go home.
I'm afraid that's not true.  Will you want me to stay on till Monday?
No, you did fine.
I didn't do too well for you.
It's my opinion it took him much longer. Nine... ten minutes. There's too much brain damage.
Now, Dr. Towler's testified that they restored the heartbeat within three or four minutes. In your opinion is his estimate correct?
Cardiac arrest. During delivery her heart stopped. When the heart stops the brain's deprived of oxygen. You get brain damage. That is why she's in the state she's in today.
In your opinion, what happened to Deborah Ann Kaye?
Dr. Thompson. From your review of the hospital records of May twelfth nineteen seventy-six.
There's nothing they can do to me.
These people play very rough. They don't want to lose this case. There's a lot of pressure they can bring to bear, I...
...What difference would...
...apartment.  No, no. Please. You don't know who we're dealing with, I, please believe me, they...
...I made a reservation at...
Yes. Yes. I think so. I hope you'll be comfortable. I'm putting you up at my...
From what I've seen, Mr. Galvin, you have a very good case...
I'm going to take you to the home to see the girl...
That's what I'd planned to...
I have some errands to run, and then I thought we'd spend the evening...
It was good of you to meet...
Dr. Thompson...?
I... um...
The Doctors were not negligent.
I... given the limits of your question, that's correct.
Then you're saying there's no negligence, based on my question?
I... in that small context I would have... I would have to say 'no.'
Well...
Are you saying that a failure to restore the heartbeat within nine minutes in itself constitutes bad medical practice?
It's a common medical term.
'Code Blue'...
Then what good would it do to ruin the reputation of two men, to help a girl whose life's not going to be changed in the least? You know what CODE BLUE means?
Actually, yes. It's by no means bad, I...
She getting good care over there?
...I made a detailed physical examination of the patient, Sir, yesterday evening, I...
Easthampton Hospital for Women. Excuse me, what is that, a joke? Let me tell you something, Doctor, those men at Catherine Laboure. Men who are known not only in this city, but the world, were trying to save a woman's life. They were there, and here you are, four years later, read some hospital report, and say...
I am on the staff of...
What qualifies you as an expert in anesthetics?
I am seventy-four years old.
Is that what a good doctor would do? How old are you, please?
...she went in complaining of stomach cramps. Good doctor would have doubted the information on the chart.
...that's what the sister said. The chart said she ate nine hours prior to...
Her sister said she ate one hour prior to admittance... she...
Why is that?
They gave her the wrong anesthetic.
Thank you.
Negligent. Yes... it would have been criminal. But that was not the case.
If she had eaten, say one hour prior to admission, the inducement of a general anesthetic... the type you gave her... would have been negligent...?
She threw up in her mask, yes. But she hadn't eaten one hour prior to admission.
...Page 414, 'If a patient has taken nourishment within one hour prior to inducement, general anesthetic should be avoided at all costs because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particles into his mask.' Is that what happened to Deborah Ann Kaye? She aspirated into her mask?
Yes.
And you wrote that...
I. Yes. It is.
'Practice and Methodology in Anaesthesia.' General textbook on the subject. Is that correct?
Yes. I wrote it.
Dr. Towler; page 406, 'Contraindications to general anesthetic. Ideally a patient should refrain from taking nourishment up to nine hours prior to induction of general anesthetic.' Does that sound familiar?
To do right. Isn't that why you're doing it?
Uh, why, why are you doing this?
...that's perfectly all right.
Thank you...
...the case with anyone. And I'll meet you Tuesday, and we'll go over your testimony...
I understand.
We have to... we... we have to keep you under wraps. Please don't, don't discuss...
What are they going to do? Not invite me to their Birthday party...?  Look, I gotta go. I have to be in Cambridge...
The hospital is owned by the Archdioceses of...
Whose side are you arguing...? I thought that you wanted to do something. I don't have any interest in the woman's 'estate' -- No offense, but we all know where the money's going to... I have an interest in the Hospital; and I don't want those bozos working in the same shop as me. They gave her the wrong anesthetic. They turned the girl into a vegetable. They killed her and they killed her kid. You caught 'em. Now: how many others did they kill?
The most respected...
I read the file. Yeah. Marx and Towler. I know who they were.
Do you know who her doctors were?
Her doctors murdered her. They gave her the wrong anesthetic and they put her in the hospital for life.  Her doctors murdered her.
I'm sorry...?
Her doctors killed her.
Uh... in the, well, in the interests of her family... you, Dr. Gruber, you know, you can never tell what a jury is going to do. St. Catherine's a very well thought of institution. Her doctors...
Why?
Yes.
You're going to settle out of court?
Yes.
...and you're going to do that?
The Archdiocese called, they want to settle... her estate...
Right. Who called?
They called, they're going to settle, what I want to do is build up as much...
...Deborah Ann Kaye...
...Deborah Ann Kaye...
I read the hospital report on your client.
That's perfectly all right. I'm kind of rushed. Do you mind if we walk while we talk?
I appreciate -- a man as busy as --
Yes? Galvin, right?
Dr. Gruber...
Yes.
A single hour.
I did.
And did you write the numeral 'one' down on the record, standing for one hour?
Yes.
One hour.
She said she had a full meal one hour before coming to the hospital.
What did she say?
Yes.
D'you ask the patient when did she last eat?
Kathy Costello. That's my maiden name.
These are your initials, 'K.C.'?
Yes.
Yes.
You were the Admitting Nurse at St. Catherine Laboure Hospital on May twelfth, nineteen seventy-six, the night Deborah Ann Kaye was admitted...
Yes...
Kathy Price...
That's a wonderful profession. My daughter-in-law's a nurse. What did you do, stop?
I used to be a nurse.
Yes.
Mrs. Simmonds.
Mrs...
Who told you that?
You're really...  You, are you the one they told me was the nurse?
Thank you.
Four. You're great with these kids.
How old is he?
Uh-huh. My nephew's going to be staying with us in a few months, so I stopped by.
You live in the neighborhood?
I've been meaning to come in a long time.
Hi. How are you doing?
Hi.
Noted. Thank you.  Miss Costello was a rebuttal witness. Her sole rebuttal was the document, which has been disallowed...
Exception!
Overruled...
I object, your Honor...
Mr. Concannon...?
Nothing further, your Honor...
You aren't going to get a mistrial, boy. We're going back this afternoon, we're going to try this case to an end. Now you get out of here before I call the Bailiff and have you thrown in jail.
Damn right I'm done. I'm going to ask for a mistrial and I'm going to request that you disqualify yourself from sitting on this case. I'm going to take a transcript to the State and ask that they impeach your ass.
Are you done?
And don't give me this shit, 'I was a lawyer, too.' 'Cause I know who you were. You couldn't hack it as a lawyer. You were Bag Man for the Boys and you still are. I know who you are.
Galvin, look, many years ago...
No, no, you listen to me. All I wanted in this case is an even shake. You rushed me into court in five days... my star witness disappears, I can't get a continuance, and I don't give a damn. I'm going up there and I'm going to try it. Let the Jury decide. They told me Sweeney he's a hard- ass, he's a defendant's judge. I don't care. I said, the hell with it. The hell with it. I'll take my chances he'll be fair.
Listen to me, fella...
I'm an attorney on trial before the bar. Representing my client. My client, do you understand? You open your mouth and you're losing my case for me.
I got a letter from the Judge Advocate's office on you today, fella, you're on your way out... They should have kicked you out on that Lillibridge case. Now this is it today.
I'd just like to get to the point, Mr. Galvin. Let's not waste these people's time. Answer the question, Mr. Witness. Please. Would a nine minute lapse in restoring the heartbeat in and of itself be negligence?
If I may be permitted to question my own witness in my own way...
Yes, Mr. Galvin?
I believe that's the law... is it not, Mr. Galvin...?
What?
Sustained. Yes. The witness will confine his testimony to review of the hospital records.
Thank you, your Honor, I'll continue. Dr. Thompson. Did you examine Deborah Ann Kaye last night at The Northern Chronic Care Facility?
Do we have time this morning to...  All right. Mr. Galvin, you want to continue now, or we can resume with Dr. Thompson this afternoon.
Defense...?
Ready, your Honor.
Is the Plaintiff ready?
I don't have a week. This case never should have come to trial. You know better. You're Mr. Independent. You want to be independent? Be independent now. I've got no sympathy for you.
I could subpoena him if I had a week.
That happens.
I had a witness disappear on me.
You should have taken their offer. Especially if you were unprepared.
I need an extension for my case.
That's perfectly all right.
Thank you for seeing me.
What is it?
I'm sure you would.
And it seems to me, a fella's trying to come back, he'd take this settlement, and get a record for himself.  I myself would take it and run like a thief.
I wasn't disbarred, they dropped the pro...
...that's true. Sometimes they change, sometimes they don't. Now, I remember back to when you were disbarred...
...things change.
That's it...?  Come on, guys... life is too short...  You tell me if you're playing 'chicken,' or you mean it.  Frank: I don't think I'm talking out of school, but I just heard someone offer you two hundred grand... and that's a lot of money... and if I may say, you haven't got the best of records.
I know full well she can't, Frank. You see the Padre on your way out and he'll punch your ticket. You follow me? I'm trying to help you.
My client can't walk, your Honor.
I'm sure it is, Frank: and let me tell you something. If we find it so complex, how in the hell you think you're going to make a jury understand it?  See my point? Let's talk a minute. Frank: what will you and your client take right now this very minute to walk out of here and let this damn thing drop?
This is a complicated case, your Honor...
Now, have you boys tried to resolve your little difficulty because that certainly would save the Commonwealth a lot of time and bother.
I was held up.
Why is that?
Yessir. I'm sorry.
Call the A.M.A.  ...I can't talk now.  ...tell them you're Dr. Somebody... you have to find this nurse...
I have to talk to you.
Thank you.
I don't have a goddamned idea.
What are you going to do?
No.
Is it over?
Yes.  We've all got to let go.
No... no...
You're pressuring yourself...
Stop pressuring me...
Joe...  Joe...
What would you like it to be to me...? I, I, I can't invest in failure.
What is that to you...?
What is your wife's picture doing by the side of your...
It's over!
Oh, yes, I do, Joe. Believe me. You say you're going to lose. Is it my fault? Listen! The damned case doesn't start until tomorrow and already it's over for you!
You, you don't under...
You're like a kid, you're coming in here like it's Saturday night, you want me to say that you've got a fever -- you don't have to go to school...
If I don't 'grow up...'
Not if you don't grow up...
Is there going to be a later...?
Maybe I'll tell you later.
And what makes you so tough?
You told me so. Maybe you'd get some sympathy. You came to the wrong place.
Who told you that?
You want me to tell you it's your fault? It probably is. What are you going to do about it?  I thought it's not over till the jury comes in.
I...
You do what you want. You want to leave... You want to go kill yourself?
I... do you want me to leave?
Well, then what are you doing here?
Yes.
And it's over...?
That's what I am.
You're talking like a drunk.
That's not the question. It's over.  Do you think that it's my fault? If I'd... if I'd... I never should have taken it. There was no way that I was going to win.
Isn't there something you...
Do you think it's my fault?
Yes.
You're going to stay here...?
You can't work if you can't think. You get in bed. It's all right. I'll stay here with you. It's all right. Come on...
I've got to work.
Why don't you get some rest?
No, no, I'm just...
Do you want me to go...?
I've got to work...
...and is that serious?
They, uh, they got to my witness.
What happened...?
We, we... No... we just had a small reversal in the case...  I have some, uh... I have some work to do...
Is this a bad time.
What...?
Would you like me to leave...?  Is this a bad time -- ?
That's what I'm going to try to do.
And is that what you're going to do?  Is that what you're going to do...?
Maybe I can do something right.
Maybe what?
They might. Yes. That's the point... is that they might... you see, the jury wants to believe. They're all cynics, sure, because they want to believe. I have to go in there tomorrow to find twelve people to hear this case. I'm going to see a hundred people and pick twelve. And every one of them it's written on their face, 'This is a sham. There is no justice...' but in their heart they're saying, 'Maybe... maybe...'
And are they going to get it?
Jimmy!  That's why the court exists. The court doesn't exist to give them justice, eh? But to give them a chance at justice.
I think I will.
The weak, the weak have got to have somebody to fight for them. Isn't that the truth? You want another drink?
You just got lucky.  D'you eat yet? Come on.
What if it wasn't you that I came back to see?
My name's Frank. And furthermore, you came back to see me tonight.
Laura.
A brick house says you divorced him. I'll put you on your honor. Bet you a hundred dollars against you join me for dinner. And I'll take your word for it. Now you tell me the truth. Because you cannot lie to me. What's your name?
Who says I'm the one that called it off?
Oh, actually it was. Then why'd you call it off?
Yes. It was, actually.
Really. How wonderful for you.
My ex-husband was a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer.
And what are you? A cop?
What Hotel are you staying at?
The TV didn't work.
Why?
I changed my room at the Hotel.
I changed my life today. What did you do?
Still looking.
D'you find an apartment?
No. At Chelsea Childcare. Okay. Look, call me Monday, hey? I'm late for work.
Yes, we know that you do. I have it in my files. That's at the Manhattan Health Center...
We get it at work. We get the magazine at work.
We have a renew-your-subscription offer...
Missus...
That's why I'm calling, Miss Price...
My subscription lapsed three years ago...
We find that your subscription lapsed...
Kathy Price.
Pardon?
Yes. Price...
This is Miss Costello...?
How come you're calling me from...?
This is Mr. Wallace in Subscriptions?
From the magazine?
I'm calling from Professional Nurse Quarterly...
If you're selling something, I'm late for work...
Hello, I'm calling from...
Let me talk to Mickey.
Mr. Galvin's...
I understand. Thank you, my name is Galvin. I'll be at the following number in a half an hour. It's urgent.
I can't guarantee that...
...Would you, would you call him up. I'll give you my number, and ask him...
I'm sorry, Sir, we're not allowed...
I have to reach him. This is an emergency. Could you give me his home number?
Business hours are over, Sir. This is the switch...
Mr. Alito, please.
Continental Casualty...
Well, maybe you better do that, then.  You know you guys are all the same. You don't care who gets hurt. You're a bunch of whores. You'd do anything for a dollar. You got no loyalty... no nothing... you're a bunch of whores.
You think I'm pushy now, wait 'til I get you on the stand...
You know, you're pushy, fella...
Then why don't you testify?
I don't owe them a goddamn thing.
I do. Who is it? The Doctors. What do you owe them?
Who says that I'm protecting anyone?
Who are you protecting, then?
I didn't do it, Mister.
Who put my client in the hospital for life.
And ask me what?
I can subpoena you, you know. I can get you up there on the stand.
Then why aren't you testifying for their side?
Nothing happened.
You know what happened.
I've got nothing to say to you.
I want someone who was in the O.R. We're going to win the case, there's no question of that. It's just a matter of how big...
...you got your doctor's testimony. Why do you need me?
He's the Assistant Chief of Anesthesiology, Massachusetts Commonwealth. He says your doctors, Towler and Marx, put my girl in the hospital for life. And we can prove that. What we don't know is why. What went on in there? In the O.R. That's what we'd like to know. Something went wrong. And you know what it was. They gave her the wrong anesthetic. What happened? The phone rang... someone got distracted... what?
No.
I'll just take a minute. Deborah Ann Kaye. You know what I'm talking about. The case is going to trial. Our chief witness is a Dr. David Gruber, you know who he is?
I told the guy I didn't want to talk to...
I'm Joe Galvin, I'm representing Deborah Ann Kaye, case against St. Catherine Laboure.
Yes.
Are we going to win?  We have, you know, other tactics, though...
We, yes. Yes. They, they present their side, and I get the same chance. To cross-examine... to... to...
What does it mean?  I... I mean we, you have other tactics...
I'm going to see you get that chance.
We just can't do it anymore.  This is our chance to get away.
...and I have inquiries out to doctors, experts in the field... there is, of course, a problem getting a doctor to testify that another doctor's negligent...
He saw her at the Northern Care...
...But Dick, he's looking for two years in Tucson... and they called him up and said to come out. He's a good man. He's only trying to do what's right.
...I understand...
My doctor told me that I got to move out West... that's when we filed in court. We didn't want to sue...
...I understand...
I don't want to leave her. Dick... the, the... and Father Laughlin, he said that it was God's will...
...fifty thousand dollars?
You know how beautiful she was?  Her husband left her, and he took her kids... They, they, they'd let you die in there. They don't care. Nobody cares. The Patriot Home, the Chronic Care... in Arlington...? They'd take her in. Perpetual care. They'd take her. Fifty thousand dollars they want. An endowment.
Yes. Yes, I have.
...You saw her?
...I know. I went...
But what can we do? She don't know who's visiting her...
...I'm sure you do...
...we, we love her, Dick and me...
A healthy young woman goes into the hospital to deliver her third child, she's given the wrong anesthetic...
It's not a good case. It's a very good case.
It's locked?
It's locked.
I'm... Mrs. Doneghy? I'm Frank Galvin... why didn't you go in?
He's... you can't reach him, Sir. He's in the, on some island in the Caribbean, they don't have a phone.  He'll be back in a week...  If you'd like Dr. Halpern's number...
No, no, no. I have to talk to him. If I can only call him...
Dr. Halpern's taking all his...
I... please. My wife... my wife's prescription has run out. If I can call him...
Where is he?
He's not in, Sir.
I had an appointment at his office, I think I must have got it wrong. We had a meeting...
Dr. Gruber's not in.
Dr. Gruber.
That's for sure, Frank.
It's a long road that has no turning.
Yeah.
Well, well, well. Huh?
Thanks, Franky.
I want to buy you a drink.
...everybody. Mike says, 'Pat, you mean to tell me for a buck you get a free lunch and a beer, and then you go in the back and get laid?' 'That's correct.' Mike says, 'Pat. Have you been in this bar ?' Pat says, 'No, but my sister has...'  Everyone. Buy yourself one too.
Another, Frank...?
I don't want a mistrial.
We got a mistrial, you know. Joe -- did you hear what I said...?
I don't know.
I talked to Johnnie White at the Bar Association.  The broad used to work for one of Concannon's partners in New York awhile ago.  She wanted to move to Boston.  How badly did she hurt us, Joe?
Come on, we'll get a cup of coffee...
What are you doing in New York...?
We got to talk.
What the hell are you doing here?
I need a cigarette!  She left my office four years ago, we're looking for a chart...  I need a cigarette...
Hello. This is Mr. Dorchester in Records. We're looking for Kathy Costello...
...four years ago...
...you need some old forms that she had... somebody's dying...
...yeah... good...
The Hospital...?
The broad has disappeared...
We don't have anything from the Nurse Association?
How old are you, how many children... when did you last eat...
The 'History'...?
She didn't do anything. She took the patient's history and signed the charts. 'K.C.'  'Kathy Costello...'
What did she do?
Uh... the admitting nurse...
What difference can that make...? All right...
All right. Who wasn't in the O.R.?
Who? They're all testifying. Everybody who was in the O.R.'s going to take the stand.
...one of the other nurses?
'You guys are a bunch of whores... uh... loyalty... you don't care who gets hurt... you don't have any loyalty...'
Read me what she said.
She's protecting the Doctors she'd be up there on the stand...
The Doctors.
Rooney's protecting someone. Who is she protecting?
Yeah. I'm awake.
Are you with me... are you awake...?
I think we tried that. The case is over.
That's right.
You use their witness.
Okay. What do you do when you don't have a witness?
Yeah.
And all we've got is a witch doctor!
I'm swell.
How are you holding up?
Gimme the address. I'm gonna go. We're going to need her.
She's workin' the late shift at the Hospital. She's at home now, I'm going over there to talk to...
D'you find the obstetric nurse?
Yeah? How's our new witness?
D'you meet with Dr. Gruber...?
I can't talk now.
What happened, Joey...?
Mickey: I'm supposed to meet somebody at O'Rourke's, I can't make it.
Give 'em a box of Macanudos.
I've got to go see Gruber.  What's the best cigars you have?
Today is Tuesday. What?
Oh shit, what's today?
John: gimme a cuesta-ray.
So what do you want me to do? Concannon's going to try the case his way, I'm going to try it mine. You want me to go wee wee wee all the time because he's got some flack, got stories in the newspaper. I'm going to win this case.
What I'm saying, they're getting some help.
They still have to take it to a jury.
So what...? The best is yet to come. Check the TV Guide. They got our Dr. Towler on a panel on GBH on Friday: 'The Healing Hand. The Experts Speak.'
So what?
Mary Rooney. She won't talk to me. I tried her at the hospital. I'm going to try her back at home. Read this.
I'm getting it back. Don't worry about me, Mick. I'm fine. D'you find the obstetric nurse?
Been a long time, huh...?
I'm going to get laid.
Yeah? And what are you going to do tonight?
Jimmy? Bushmills.  Lookit, do me a favor. I'll buy you a drink tomorrow.
I had a good teacher. McLean versus Urban Transport...
You got a good memory, Franky.
Brindisi versus Electric Boat.
Right.
Okay now. Cases: Smith versus State of Michigan.
Right.
'Mary Rooney, forty-nine. Lives in Arlington, still working at the hospital.' Can you get out tomorrow? How come she isn't speaking up.
No.
Not bad...? This guy's Dr. Kildare, the jury's going to love him, Mick... And you calm down, all right? Their guy, Towler's, the author of the book,  'Methodology and Practice, Anesthesiology.'  ...and they got depositions from the nurses, everybody in the operating room, the scrub-nurse... 'All these guys are God. I saw them walk on water...'  They had an obstetrical nurse in there. We got a deposition from the obstetrical nurse?
...Gruber's not bad.
I've got my Dr. Gruber, says her heart condition means they gave her the wrong anesthetic anyway, plus she came in complaining of stomach pains...
Forget it. You can't prove it. Sister's testimony is no good. Jury knows we win she gets the cash.
Admittance form is wrong.
You got the admittance form says patient ate nine hours prior to admittance.
We've got her sister. Testifies she had a meal one hour before she was admitted to the hospital. This is the point.
Who have we got?
I have to try this case. I have to do it, Mick. I've got to stand up for that girl. I need your help.  Mick, will you help me...?  Will you help me...?
Frank, but not now. Frank. You're trying to wipe out some old business. But not now. I understand. But you go call 'em back. You call the Bishop back.
...I have to stand up for her...
...he's a good man...? He's the Prince of Fuckin' Darkness... he'll have people in there testifying that the broad is well -- they saw her Tuesday on a surfboard at Hyannis... don't fuck with this case.
...he's a good man...
I know what I said but not now. You won it. Franky. You won it. When they give you the money, that means that you won. We don't want to go to court -- is this getting to you...?
You -- Listen: you said to me, 'if not now, when...'
What?
Mick. Mick. Mick...
That's the point, you stupid fuck. Let them buy it. We let them buy the case. That's what I took it for. You let this drop -- we'll go up to New Hampshire, kill some fuckin' deer...
They killed her. And they're trying to buy it...
To do what...? To do what, for chrissake...? To help her to do what? She's dead...
I'm going to help her.
You need my help...? You need a goddamn keeper... are you telling me that you turned down two-hundred-ten grand?  Huh...? Are you nuts? Eh? Are you nuts. What are you going to do, bring her back to life?
...I'm going to need your help...
Are you out of your mind...?
Don't touch anything.
Come on. Let's get a drink.
What do you want?
I have to talk to you.
...I get these people to trust you -- they're coming here tomorrow by the way -- I get this expert doctor to talk to you. I'm doing all your fuckin' legwork -- and it's eighteen months. You're 'sposed to be in court. I bet you haven't even seen the file.
...hey, I don't need your charity...
One lousy letter eighteen months ago... I try to throw a fuckin' case your way...
Sally Doneghy, now who is that?
...You're 'sposed to be in court in ten days and she's telling me you haven't even met with them...
...now who is that...?
Fuck you. I got a call today from Sally Doneghy...
Uh...
What the hell do you think you're doing...?  What's going on here...?
Hi, Mickey...
You saw Kat in New York...  ...or is she in town? Is she in town...?
What?
In New York?
I just saw her.
She did?
She told me.
I, what are you talking about? I talked to her this morning, and she said...
I spoke to her, and everything is all right.
Because she was anemic.  It's right there on her chart. Her brain was getting less oxygen anyway...
Huh. And why is that?
Yes.
Wait, wait, wait, you're saying that her brain damage could have been caused by her being deprived of oxygen for two minutes...?
Brain damage could have been... it didn't necessarily take nine minutes, it could have been caused in two...
Why did it take that long to get her heartbeat...
We'd gone to 'Code Blue,' we were administering electro...
What happened in those three minutes...?
...we were trying to restore her heartbeat.
What happened in those three...
We had rather more important things on our mind than taking notes.  We were trying to restore her...
...they start again three minutes earlier...
As I've said we had some more...
Four-and-one-half minutes after her heart stopped.  And they resume seven minutes...
We, we were rather busy...
But those notations stop...  ...Four-and-one-half minutes after Deborah Ann Kaye's...
Yes, the roving nurse...
...of the procedures...
Yes.
...there are notations every thirty seconds...
Yes, that's correct.
You have a record of what happened in the operating room...
Yes.
Dr. Towler...
Okay. Now, so he's in jail. He, finally, he gets to see the light, he calls up Harrington, he says he thinks he made a mistake. As if by magic, charges against him are dropped, he's released from jail.  P.S. He's fired from the firm, his wife divorces him, he turns to drink and mopes around three and a half years.  You like that story?
Me, too.
Before he can get there here comes this Federal Marshal, and Franky's indicted for Jury tampering, they throw him in jail, he's gonna be disbarred, his life is over.  Jimmy, gimme another drink.  How are you?
Huh.
That Frank was working on. Yeah. He thought Franky needed some help, so they bribed a juror. So Franky finds out. He comes to me in tears. He thinks that anybody who knows what a 'spinnaker' is got to be a saint. I told him 'Franky, wake up. These people are sharks. What do you think they got so rich from? Doing good?' He can't be comforted. He tells the boys at Stearns and Harrington they've disappointed him, he's going to the Judge to rat them out.
The Big Boy did...?
...and he's making a billion dollars every minute working for Stearns, Harrington, and he bought a dog, and everything is rosy.  Then Mr. Stearns, he tried to fix a case.
Yes.
A huge law firm. Okay? They put him in the firm, he's married, everything's superb. Franky, he's starting to talk like he comes from Dorsetshire, some fuckin' place, 'You must drop by with Pat and me...' Okay...?
Should I?
Stearns, Harrington, you know who that is?
So far you're great. You got a cigarette?
How'm I doing so far?
Franky can't make it. He had an appointment he forgot, he's going to see you later. I'm Mickey Morrissey, we're supposed to get to know each other.
Come on out!  We're friends!
Hey, there - open up!
We could show 'em we're friendly, huh?  Walk out there with a white flag!  Here - I got an old sugar sack in my car!
Hey, how about that!
We'd be in all the papers!
We'd be the first to make contact with 'em -- see?
Darnedest thing I ever saw - the way that's unscrewing!
It's no meteor, that's for sure!
Wait a minute - wait a minute!.... Bombs don't unscrew.
It's an enemy sneak attack.  Let's get outta here!
Let's go.
Yeah.  No sense stayin' out here.
That won't start no more fires.  We might's well go home.
Looks almost cold now, don't it?
I'll request the scientists from Pacific-Tech to monitor the drop.  We'll clear the area all around.  After that we'll hit them all over the world. I'll have long-range bombers alerted, loaded and standing by.
Then our first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles.
There's only one thing that will stop the Martians!  We've held back pre- viously because of the danger of radiation to civilians.  Now there's no choice.  The United Nations has voted authority to the United States.  The White House will confirm an order to use the Atom bomb.
All right - I've seen enough!
Mister Secretary - if they link up with those others near Fresno...
The same thing that happened on our Pacific Coast.  Anything from them yet?
Madrid has just blacked out!! Nothing more coming through.
That explains why communication is cut the moment their machines begin to move.
But I think I know where she'll be....
You look kinda lost yourself.
There was a girl with them...If I could find her....
Hurry up!  Jump in!
We had a chance...We could have stopped them!  The mob stole the trucks and smashed everything up.  The fools!  They cut their own throats!
There's nobody left around here now.
I'm looking for some Pacific-Tech professors...
Hey, you!  Better get outa here!
Don't let's lose each other.
You'll be all right with us....  ...for as long as anybody's got!
I probably wouldn't be able to get to them if I tried...
I wonder if they're going through this too...?
The Rockies...!  You'd rather get back to that big family of yours in Minnesota, wouldn't you?
That's the kind of a kid brother you'd have!
How'd you guess?
Yes ...  Fits better in a football helmet.
My kid brother has one.  You know why?
I could wear it longer -- but it's less trouble this way.
Very futuristic.  Yours doesn't really go with that butch haircut!
Yes, with these suits.  We've used them before on atomic tests... Odd- looking, aren't they?
Is it possible to go in right after the explosion?
It's blocked here, too!  They've pushed up earth or something all around outside.  Here, this way...!
They've blocked it!
Maybe ...  Maybe they want to take us alive.
They could be as curious about us as we are about them.
Maybe they aren't too sure we're here.
We're right in a nest of 'em! ... I've got to get a look at them.
I couldn't see much in the dark - but it was one!
What was it like?
It was...  ...one of them!
Nothing there now.
Hours.  I've been so scared...!
How long was I out?
But you're not going to.  You're not the kind.  You're tired, anyway.  You've been up all night.  You cracked up in a plane.  Slept in a ditch.  But you want to know something?  It doesn't show on you at all.
He liked you ... I could bawl my head off!
I liked him.
I stayed right by the door - praying for the one who loved me best to come and find me.  It was Uncle Matthew who found me.
I feel like I did one time when I was small.  Awful scared and lonesome...I'd wandered off - I've forgotten why - but the family and whole crowds of neighbors were hunting for me.  They found me in a church.  I was afraid to go in any place else.
I've been as close to them as anyone. But not close enough for real observation...
If they're mortal, they must have mortal weaknesses.  They'll be stopped -- somehow!
But they seem to murder everything that moves...!
We'll get safely out of here, don't worry.
It does...Maybe that's why I feel kind of lost right now.
A big family must be fun...I imagine it makes you feel you belong to something.
I have no close folks.  My parents died when I was a kid.
I come from a big one.  Nine of us. All in Minnesota, except me.
No, on the campus.  I haven't any family.
Don't you live at home?
I almost forget when I ate last.  It looks so good.... You know, mostly I get my meals in coffee shops and restaurants.
Southwest of Corona, somewhere. There must have been another cylinder down here.  They've been through this whole area and cleared everybody out.  There's a farmhouse.  Let's see if we can find something to eat...!
Where are we?
It's gone now.
Is that... machine...?
I bought it for the square dance. I thought I ought to wear some- thing Western.
I never noticed before - that's a cowboy tie....
No.  The air's going to be full of Jets in a minute...And there they are!
You'll hit something!  Can't you go higher?
Sure...get in!
Can you handle one of these?
We can't go into town - everybody's getting out of there!  I'll fly you over to Pasadena.
Would you like some coffee, General?
Good to see you, General.  This is Pastor Collins, director of Civil Defense.  Sheriff Bogany, head of the local forces ... Miss Van Buren.
You never know where you're going to wind up when you go to a square dance!
I just told them the local situation. Colonel Heffner's in full charge now.
Didn't you have something to do with this?  I know you sent word to the Sixth Army Command!
The troops are certainly moving in here!
Automobile ignitions are insulated.
How does it happen cars are running?
There's only about one explanation for a thing like this..Got a pin?
They've all stopped at the same time.
They're really for long distance. When I want to look at something close...  I take them off.
I might have recognized you without the beard.  And you didn't wear glasses on the 'Time' cover!
I didn't know how to stop you...!
Well, you certainly don't look like yourself in that get-up!  But I am happy to meet you anyway. I'm Sylvia Van Buren.  I teach Library Science over at USC.
Like...ah...
What's he like?
I do know him...slightly.
How can you say that when you don't know him!
Aw, he isn't that good...!
Forrester's the man behind the new atomic engines.  They had him on the cover of 'Time'.  You've got to rate to get that!
I'm sorry.  I don't smoke.
Why, sure -- I got it!  Do you have a match?
Did it do you any good?
Well, I did a thesis on modern scien- tists - working for my Masters degree.
You seem to know a lot about him.
He's top man in astro and nuclear physics.  He knows all about meteors!
What's that fellow over there trying to do - dig it out?
It hit sideways and skidded in.
Oh - there were three of us.  The others flew back in my plane.  I don't understand why a meteor this size didn't make a bigger crater.
You must have caught plenty with all that tackle!
Yes...I was fishing up in the hills.
Did you see it come down?
Yes...ugly looking, isn't it.
Is that it over there?
We better get word to the authorities and --  Look!
I think that - gizmo - is a machine from another planet.
What is that gizmo?!
It's pointing out to the gully - where that meteor came down.
That needle ain't pointing north!
Have you got a pocket compass?
How could it happen to everybody's watch together?
That's what knocked the phones out, too.
All right.  I'll get them!   Go ahead - go ahead!  I'll catch up with you.
No.  I thought you had them.
Gratzman! -- Gratzman!  Did you get those biotics?
If we get what transportation we can, and pick up instruments and books from Pacific-Tech...
We know now that we can't beat their machines -- but we can beat them!  They are mortal beings...The only question is whether we have time enough to do anything!
I believe we can get a lead from their anaemic blood.
It might give us time to search out some weakness in the Martians.
A forlorn hope - but there is a chance.
It might give us something.
This Martian blood...  Let's make a quick analysis and see what we've got!
I'd like to borrow your car and take a look at it in the morning.
That's right - came down in kinda spurts, didn't it?  You fellers'll have to figure it out.  You're scientists  All I know - they say it's as big as a house and practically red hot.
Are they sure it's a meteor?  It didn't come down like one.
It's about that meteor.  They say it's a whopper.  The District Officer phoned us at the lookout up on the summit. Thought you might be interested... It's ten or twelve miles from here - over by Linda Rosa.
Looks like the fishing was good.
Right.
I got a message for you.  You're the guys from Pacific-Tech, ain't you?
Couldn't you try to communicate with them first - and shoot later if you have to?
It's always been a good persuader.
Colonel - shooting's no good!
I just came to tell you - everyone has been alerted.
I warned you Civil Defense people to be ready if you have to evacuate.
So is the town, I notice!
There's one - there's the other, and we're right between them!
They'll probably move at dawn.
Thank you, sir.  If they start anything, we can blast them right off the earth!
That's because we want a chance to observe them.  This is the only place we've had time to surround them with sufficient force to contain them.  What happens here will be a guide to all other operations. The minute action begins and a pattern of defense develops, I'll get my report to Washington.  You've deployed your forces well.
My orders are not to go into action unless they make a move out of there.
From the data - and from that picture the Air Force took earlier tonight ...  ... what we've got in the gully out there is a guide ship.  One lands ... Others follow later.  They appear to clear an area, then drop in groups of threes, joined magnetically.  Is that possible?
We will, sir!
And they'll go out the minute there's another ray.  A cylinder reported down by Huntington Beach.  That's a job for the Navy.
Not all.  Radio is out.  But our field phones are okay so far.
That's their position?  You've certainly got them surrounded.  I suppose they've neutralized all communications here.
I'm here to make up a report, not to interfere with the operations you've set up.  You're still in command.  Clayton Forrester!  I haven't seen you since Oak Ridge.
General Mann -- I was told to expect you, sir.  I'm Colonel Heffner.
I've done about all I can do here. You go back in.  Sylvia - I like that Doctor Forrester.  He's a good man.
Let's go back inside, Uncle Matthew.
If they're more advanced than us, they should be nearer the Creator for that reason!
But they're not human!  Dr. Forrester says they're some kind of an advanced civilization --
They are living creatures out there.
There's a square dance at the social hall this evening.
They don't do much of anything...!
Well-l...how do you do, Dr. Forrester!
Uncle Matthew...this is Dr. Clayton Forrester.  My uncle - Dr. Matthew Collins, pastor of the Community Church.
It was nearer than that.
That probably dropped half way to Pomona!...What do you think?
Well, there's some fellows fishing at Pine Summit might be interested.  They probably saw it come down.  I'll let 'em know...What's it look like?
I think somebody ought to check on it. Over.
Okay.  Send the tanker in, but you stand by until that thing cools off. Over.
We're getting this under control. Won't need any more help.  Over.
D.O. to number three..come in.
Number three to. D.O....Number three to D.O.
Sure, sure!  Everybody understands you wave the white flag, you wanna be friends.
They'll understand us, all right!
Welcome to California!
What'll we say to 'em?
Everything human don't have to look like you and me....
Maybe these are not men - not like us.
How would I know...!
Who?  Where d'you think they come from!
Must be somebody in there.
We sell the tamales, enchiladas - hot dogs!
Better'n a lion farm or a snake pit. We won't have to feed it!
Like weird calls, by any chance?
I don't follow.
And since you've been thinking of making it.  Has anything funny happened?
I don't know.  A couple months.  Why?
Bob, how long has Wes been working on this script?
We'll work something out.  I'm sure you'll be happy with it.
Yes, but...
I know.  We asked him to keep it kind of surprise until we talked.  Look, how about we get in touch your agent.  You still with Jerry?
What?
Sweetie, you've got lots of fans, we've done market studies.  You rate right up there.  We've already got Chase working on a prototype for the glove.
I'm sure we can match any offer.
And I...I've got other things happening.
Come on.  Kids love horror.
So I don't know about horror.
So?
I don't know, Bob.  I'm flattered and all, but I've got a kid, now.
Sort of a trial balloon.
You mean that was a...
He's not showing it until it's down.  But it sounds hot, and we wanted to get all our stars lined up in case it is.  You and Robert got great ratings today. Which is the first thing we needed to know.
Can I read it?
He's excited about the script.  You should be too.  It stars you.
The nightmares.
He's very excited about it.
Which means he's having nightmares again?
Believe it or not, he told me I hadn't heard from him in ten years because he hasn't had any good nightmare.  They're his inspiration.  But now he's got a new script in the works.
I thought he'd stopped doing horror.
We did.  Bad mistake.  The fans are clamoring for more. So, Evil never dies, right?  Anyway, a while back we got a call from Wes.  He's got this idea.  And who better to resurrect Freddy than his creator?
I thought you'd killed Freddy off.
Don't speed, Chase.  It's not...
I'll be there in three hours.
Yes.
Forget those two clowns, Heather.  Answer me, did you get another call from that guy or not?
Chase.  Why didn't Chuck or Terry show up?
Heather, has there been another call?
Like Freddy.
Like what?
He was just acting very strange.  He thinks somebody's after him, Chase. It's scary, it scared me.  He was acting like...
What?  What kind of episode?
He's had some sort of...episode.
Chase, it's Dylan!
Heather, I'm stuck here.  Neither Chuck or Terry came in today.  I can't get away!
Chase, you'd better come home.
What's up?
Chase. Hi...
Heather?
48 hours.  Back before you know it.
Guess so.
I should survive two days in Palmdale supplying soap bubbles for a detergent commercial, don't you think?
Just be careful, okay?
You probably were half awake and saw me get nicked by that picture glass.  Dreams work like that.  You want me not to go on this job?
It was nothing.  We were both working on some movie, and a special effects thing went horribly wrong.  Terry and Chuck were...hurt.  You were almost...  You were even cut.
Maybe you should tell me your dream.
What if it isn't over?
Okay, but it still doesn't mean it can't be over with.
No, you don't.
You've got to get back on the horse some time.  Look, you've had a nutcase making harassing phone calls.  I know how scary that feels.
Maybe.  Or maybe I shouldn't do this interview today.
Hasn't been another call, has there?
Five earthquakes in three weeks is enough.
Anything other than the obvious bothering you?
More or less.  Dylan, time to get dressed.  I'm late.
You get any sleep last night?
Dylan, it's breakfast.  Not arts and crafts  What?
I'm sorry.  At least we're in on piece.
One of mom's cups got broken.
No biggie, really.
Just an earthquake, Dylan.  Every once in a while we get a few.
Chase...
Might as well be, Dylan.  State of the art animatronics enhanced with bio- organic grafting.  Bull tendons, nerve bundles from a Doberman, even half the brain of a homicidal primate was...
He sleepwalks, you idiot!  He's fully capable of walking out of this hospital.  Oh my God...He thinks I've gone home...
What?
He doesn't have to be awake to be on his feet.
No way he's going anywhere.  He's been well sedated.
You don't understand.  If Dylan falls asleep,then...
Very well. As soon as we gather the appropriate papers...
I want my kid out of here now!
Just a quick word, Ms. Langenkamp.  For Dylan's sake.
DO you mind...
Everything is not fine!
He was here.  You fell asleep.  We took him.  You looked so exhausted, frankly, we didn't wake you.  Besides, the young woman, Julie, is with him.  Believe me, everything is fine.
He was just here!
Ms. Langenkamp.  I suggest you go home and get some rest.  Your son is fine. He's been taken downstairs for further testing.
Get her back!  I've got to go in!  Get me a full anesthetic, STAT!
Doctor...
They are...it happened in tonight's quake.  It happened just fifteen minutes ago. You must've felt it.
These look quite fresh.
It was an earthquake and it was dark.  I have no idea.
If these had been a few inches nearer to the wrist... What did you say you cut yourself on?
Oh my God...
Dylan?  He's holding well.  Earlier he had some problems, he's in an oxygen tent just now...
Is he all right?
Ms. Langenkamp.  I'm afraid there are no evening visiting hours in Intensive Care.
Sometimes what a child says or fantasizes will give a clue to what ails him.  Did he say anything while he was still lucid?
Like what?
Absolutely.
Does he have to stay here over night?
No...
Was there any trigger event?  A trauma, shock or...  You haven't shown him any of the films you make, have you?  The horror stuff?
No.
Diabetes?
No.
Any history of epilepsy in your family?
Read me some?
Yes.  It's a story.  A story for a movie.
A story?
What...what is that?
Here.
Dylan, where's the man?
Coming for you...
You saw him, didn't you, Dylan!?
Promise.  Cross my heart.  But until Mommy gets back, Dylan, whatever you do, don't fall asleep.
Hurry back, please.  I'm sleepy.
That's right.  So I won't be long. Meanwhile Julie's gonna be right here with you.
Right 'cross the freeway.
Tell you what.  I'm gonna go get Rex for you right now.  You know home isn't far from here, right?
I know he is, sweetie.  We'll both go get Rex right now.
Can we go get Rex, now?  The bad man's getting awful close.
You okay, champ?
Home, that's right.
Home.
Can you come with me in my dreams?
I honestly don't know. Try to sleep, baby.
Why does God let there be bad things?
No, I don't think so.  You just have to...pray, or reach...
Do you have to die to see God?
Trying to get up...trying to get into our world.
And...what's the man doing?
Under my covers.  Kids singing, and way down there, the man...the mean man...
Your bed?
In my bed.
You've got to sleep, Dylan, you...
I can't sleep there, Mommy.  Please!
Not sleepy.
Dylan, you go back to sleep now.
Rex woke me up. He was fighting.
Mommy's fine, Dylan.  Just had a bad dream.  What're you doing out of bed?
Right.
He can follow the breadcrumbs, right?
He's on his way.
Don't let the bedbugs bite.
Okay, sweetie, night, night, sleep tight.
The mean old man with the claws.
Who?
They were safe and could sleep.
"Then their father covered them with kisses and they were safe."
No.  Tonight.  It's important!
Tomorrow night.
Say how they find their way back home.
Time for sleep.
I like this story.
This is going to give you nightmares.
Finish, please!
"...as soon as the sun was up the witch made Gretel fetch the wood and kindle a fire.  'We will bake cookies first,' she said.  'I have heated the oven and kneaded the dough.  Crawl in and see if the fire is blazing high enough now.' And she pushed Gretel toward the oven. The witch meant to shut the door and bake her once she was inside."  Dylan, this is too violent.  I don't know why you like these stupid old tales.
Rex?  Who's Rex?
Rex saved me.
Bye.
Dylan, I gotta go.  Forgive me?
What?
Someone's coming.
Just for a few hours.  Julie'll be with you.
You going away?
You have a fever, sweetie?
no.
The way he's writing is so weird, who knows?  I asked him how far he'd gotten at the funeral, and what was it he said...?  Oh yeah, as far as Dylan trying to reach God.  Weird, huh, that he'd have your kid in it?
When do you think it'll be done?
Wes won't show it until it's finished. That's what he told me, at least.  I asked him at the funeral.
Anyway, what I was calling about was...have you seen any of the script, by any chance?
Call it a guess...
Yeah...how'd you know?
Darker.  More...evil?
It's actually been giving me Freddy nightmares.
Must've read about the funeral.  Sick mother.  That's the last thing you need right now, I'm sure.
Holding my own.  You know that guy who was calling me all the time?  He's started again.  He's been putting stuff in my mail.
Heather?  You doing okay?
Just because it's a love story doesn't mean it can't have a decapitation or two.
In what, a romantic comedy?
I don't know why you didn't tell me, that's all.
Everything went great, I thought.  We really got you, didn't we?
I'm fine.
You okay?
Yeah, sure.
Fred Krueger did it.
What are you talking about?
I know how Chase really died.
Where's Dylan?!  Have you seen him?
Holy...
John.  Will you please just look for him around the hospital?  I'm gonna go right to the house.  Will you help me, John?  Please!
You're right.  That sounds crazy!
Dylan's run away from the hospital.  I don't know whether he's wandering around or heading for the house.  But I think Freddy's after him.  I know it sounds crazy!
You got it.  What's happening?
John.  It's Heather.  I need help!
John Saxon.  Do you have any idea what time it is?
You really think Dylan's okay?
Absolutely.  And how many times has Letterman called the cops thinking that woman was down in his kitchen again?  It gets under your skin if you let it.
Really?
Six weeks of this, and you're surprised you've got Freddy in your dreams?  Hell, Sonny Bono says after a while he was seeing his stalker everywhere.  Even at Mass.
A man, or a boy with a deep, y'know, Freddy voice.
Steady...
Freddy, for all I know.
Kids know when something's bugging a parent.  You've got no idea who this is calling?
I've never mentioned it to him.
Really?  Hell, if having a screwy family made you crazy, the world'd be one colossal nuthouse.
It's in my family, you know.  My grandmother died in an institution...
Seemed, not was.
That's my memory.  And it seemed absolutely real.
You didn't jump in.
Thinking I saw Freddy in the grave feels pretty crazy.  And jumping in...
You're not crazy, by the way.
When it is denial.  I don't think that's the case here, but if you're really worried, have a doctor check him out. You'll see, everything's fine.
I know what he's doing is bizarre, but most of the time he seems so normal, so well adjusted.  I just can't believe it's him.  I mean, and not something outside, influencing him.  Or is that how denial works?
Quake knocked you off your feet.  You got bumped pretty good, actually. 
What...happened?
I want to see for myself.
No, you don't, ma'am, it's not necessary.
I want to see the body.
I'm afraid there was an accident.  It appears he fell asleep while driving, ma'am.
Yes.
Is Chase Porter your husband?
Yes?
Heather Langenkamp?
I just can't.
Listen, dammit.
I'm sorry, I can't.
You're kidding, right?
No.  I...listen, I can't make it in today.
The car's no there yet?
Hi.  This is Heather Langenkamp.
Studio B.
They wouldn't let me...
No, I don't think that at all.  How is he?
Sure.  We'll do an operation, Doctor Dylan and Doctor Julie. We'll fix him good as new.
No, Rex is not going to die.  Julie, you know where the sewing stuff is, don't you?
'S okay.
Thanks.  Just give them the time he called.  They're keeping a list, supposedly.  Sorry.  My nerves are so raw these days.
I'll call the cops for you.  You've got the number on the fridge, right?
Dunno.  Just have this feeling today...
Heather, what is it?
Big truck went right by before you opened the door.  Life on the Fault Line.
Yeah, Julie, I'm sorry.  I just thought...there was an earthquake, I think.  Little one, but...
Whether or not you're willing to play Nancy one last time.
Choice?  What kind of choice?
The way to stop him is to make another movie.  And I swear to you I'll stay at my computer and keep writing until I finish the script.  But when that time comes...  You're gonna have to make a choice.
You know damn well it's more than that now!  How can we stop him?
Heather, it's just a movie, a dream, really...
Dylan.  And...  Chase.  My God, Wes, did you know?
But it was you that gave Nancy her strength.  So to get out he has to come through you.  And it's inevitable that he'll hit you at your most vulnerable points...
That was Nancy, not me!
Dramatically speaking it makes perfect sense.  You played Nancy, after all, the first to humiliate and defeat him.
Me?  Why me?
Interestingly enough, in the dreams there is one person.  A gatekeeper, so to speak.  Someone Freddy's got to get by before he can enter our world.  It's you, Heather.
Isn't there anyone that can stop him?
Well, see, he's gotten used to being Freddy now.  And kinda likes it here in our time and space, too.  So...he's trying to cross over, from film into our reality.
Then what is he doing?
That's not what the dreams say he's doing.
If Freddy's loose, I mean, in your script, where's he going to go?  Another age?  Another form?
Current version.  For ten years he's been imprisoned as Freddy by the story of Nightmare on Elm Street.  But now that the films have stopped-  The genie's out of the bottle, Heather, that's what the nightmares are about. That's what I'm writing.
You saying Freddy's this ancient thing?
Exactly.  The problem comes when the story dies. It happens a lot of different ways, the story gets too familiar, or too watered down by people trying to make it easier to sell, or ti's labeled a threat to society and just plain banned.  However it happens, when the story dies, the evil is set free.
Like the Genie in the bottle.
By storytellers, of all things.  Every so often, they imagine a story good enough to catch its essence.  Then it's held prisoner for a while.  In the story.
Captured?  How?
It can be captured, sometimes.
Then, in this nightmare in progress, does this thing have any weaknesses?
I think of it as sort of a nightmare in progress.
This is still a script we're talking about, right?
Killing innocence, one way or the other.
What's that?
I can tell you what the nightmares are about.  They're about this...entity. Whatever you want to call it.  It's old, very old, and it's taken different forms in different times.  The only thing that stays the same about it is what it lives for.
Maybe we should ask him, hmmm?  We've got a surprised, Heather.  A great big surprise for you and our audience.
Robert?  I...
And how about your co-star in NIGHTMARE I.  Would you trust him alone with your child?
Of course he is.  Freddy's dead and gone.
My child?  No...but...
Do you let your child watch your movies?
No, not really.  I...
Now that you have a child, is it possible you've decided horror is bad for children?
I don't know if it has, really.  With the exception of One and Three, I've pretty much kept out of it.  I'm working in television now.  The hours let me spend more time with my husband and little boy.
Me too.
Black's fine.
Sounds good.  Kim, would you get Heather and me a coffee?  How you like it, Hon?
Coffee'd be nice.
Can I get you something to drink?
Just take a minute.  You'll be glad you did, I bet.
Now?
No time like the present.  The car will bring you.
Uh...sure...when?
Really!  Listen, Heather, I won't take but a minute of your time.  It's just that we have something to propose to you, and wonder if you'd stop by the offices. Bob'd love to talk to you.
Oh, hi.  I'm fine, Sara.  My God, a voice from the past!
Heather, this is Sara Risher over at New Line.  How are you?
Yes?
Claiming their place in the world.
What are they doing?
Well, he better learn to own it. Actions have consequences.  It's not what happens here Alice, it's what they take away with them.
He has a lot of hurt inside him.
Phil, he's not looking inside.  He's just striking out at the world.
I haven't forgotten.
Because we believed we could make an impact out here.  Self reliance and community through the disciplines of sailing.
We were idealists.
Why did we begin this?
They've become what you wanted. They're a crew.  That's why he came.
I can take it.
You may not like what you hear.
On the deck of the Yankee, the night you asked me to marry you.  We weren't much older than they are.
Guilty.
Do you remember the last time you and I danced under the stars?
He never would have believed a woman like you existed.
What?
I am about this.
You sound so sure.
He knows.
I'd have liked to have said goodbye.
You miss him.
All his years at sea, he never stopped talking about these islands.
Your father?
He would have loved this.
Yep.
Looks like weather.
It's time these boys saw some real blue water.
That low passed through last night. May be a little bumpy out there.
Not yet.
Did we lose anybody?
Give me some time to Blow the man down!
She said "None the better, you all go to hell..."
Weight!  Hey!  Blow the man down...
So to all you sailors who've fought wind and whale...
Give me some time to blow the man down...
A pretty young maiden she happened my way...
Hey!  Weigh!  Blow the man down...
Oh I was walkin' down Lime street one day...
North, north-east.  And Dick, please make a note of our final position.
Yes sir.
Carry on.
Everybody down!  ON THE DOUBLE!!
Everyone out of the rigging NOW!
We've got weather moving in from the west.
Well, that's all part of it.
Skipper, uh, the crew is pretty much doing group boot over the side.
Come in.
It's your job to know.  If something goes wrong up there, the other eighteen people aboard can't be wondering if he's gonna do his job or not.
I didn't know sir.
Why wasn't I made aware of this Bill?
Watch the tell-tales Chuck.  If we jibe now we'll have a lot of people in the water.
Raise the inner jib!  Raise the forestaysail!
Mr. Lawford, stand by to ease the mainsheet.  Rick, get on the jib sheet.  George, John, Philip, Tim and Dick go aloft to unstop the forecourse.  George will show you what to do.  Tod, show your men the forward pinrail and stand ready on the buntlines and clewlines. Forecourse first... work upward.
We'll bear off to port and run down wind.
Good.  Let's go sailing.
Yes, Sir.
Everyone aboard young Bill?
Thank you.
Fifteen.
How old are you, son?
My instinct was to not get electrocuted.
But your instinct was to lose sail?
Skipper called us out of the rigging.
Why didn't you drop any sail?
It's me, don't you see.  Terry's right, I'm the escape hatch.  I disobeyed order.
What do you mean?
There's still a way.
It was an act of God for Christ's sake.
It didn't go over 'til I turned her starboard!
You came back, Tod.  You came back.
Butler, what'd I ever do to you?
Okay, here's the duty.  Gieg, Weathers, Lapchick, Schucart: scrape and paint.  Corry and Stricklin have the brass.  Robinson, you're the Galley slave.  March you're on chain gang with Barnes. Johnston, solo on bilge detail.
No, I can't.
When we were growing up I always felt like you would take care of things, that everything would be okay.  But you can't make this okay, can you?
All right.  I'm gonna wander over and look at some shoes...
Fine.
Okay.
Why don't you go and try some of that on?
Yeah, sure.
I thought we'd find a store, get you fixed up and then get you some lunch.  That sound good?
I couldn't bring her down here until I knew you were safe.
Where's Mom?
Yes sir.
Make us proud.
Well, Romeo here was on harbor watch and managed to sweet talk one of the local girls to have a go in the bowsprit.
What the "Bowsprit Affair"?
Whatever.
Look, meet us out front when you're through.  If they try to take anything away from you like Johnny Quest up there, just make a list and we'll have 'em send it down to the boat.
Gieg, Chuck.
Rick March.  Who the hell are you?
Yeah.
Albatross?
I feel like... we can do anything.
Me either.
You know, I never had friends like this.
I'll tell you who you are.  You're the glue.  You're the thing that holds everybody around you together. You're strong, you listen and you see things in people the rest of us can't.  It's a gift.
Who I am, outside of this boat. What the hell I'm doing here.
Figured what out?
I've been getting ninety-sixes my whole life.  It's what they expect. After all this, I still haven't figured it out.
Anonymous.
What was that?
That we're going back.  I don't want it to end.  I don't want to be what I was when I left.
What?
Feels different doesn't it?
Yes you could.  You did.  This is all you.  Nobody else.
I couldn't have done it without you.
This is your moment, don't you see? The instant when you know that your life is never going to be the same again.  When you stand up and are counted.
I just can't believe it.
You know?  Then why are you up here looking like you're about to jump overboard?!
I know.
It's a ninety-one!  It's an 'A'!
What about you?
Congratulations.
Ninety-six.
Yeah.  How'd you do.
You okay?
Her name.  Bregitta.  It's poetry.
Believe what?
Bregitta.  Do you believe it?
Listen, you don't cheat, and we'll make sure you get the grades.  We'll start a private study group.  Nobody knows.  You'll ace that test.
They were gonna put me into special- ed this year.  I stole a copy of my transcript, changed all the grades. Shit, who am I kidding.  I'll never pass the boards.
Wanna bet?  Takes me half a day to get through one chapter of Lawford and I still don't have any idea what the hell he's talkin' about.  You know why it takes me so long to write papers?  because I can't spell.  While everybody else is sleeping, I'm in the rack with a flashlight and a dictionary.
You're not a moron.
I doctored my grades so I'd make the cut.  I'm a moron, okay?  You satisfied?!
What?
I cheated to get on the boat!!!  All right?!
You've gotta be kidding.  Get the fuck outta my way!
If you're gonna cheat, you might as well copy off somebody who's gonna get the answer right.
Yeah, that's right.  You wanna come in and shake it for me?
To take a piss.
Where you going?
My old man split along time ago.  It doesn't mean anything.  You just take care of number one that's all that matters.
Yeah.
So I'm standing there and you could hear a pin drop.  No breathing or snoring... Suddenly it hits me that somethin' was goin' on that just stopped, really fast, like people are holding their breath.
That's what they get for not locking the door.
I walked in on my parents one time. It was only like eight o'clock and they were in bed and I thought that was kinda weird so I just walked in.
I mean she looks pretty damn good in her all-together for being thirty.
What do you mean?
She isn't that old.
You don't give him enough credit Chas.
He does.
Nobody says you have to be like me.
I'm just not like you.  Ya know? I'm never going to go to Yale.  I'm never going to be "William".
Because it looks good.
Why then.
That's not why he's sending me.
I thought this was your dream come true.
It's not a vacation, it's private school.
It's no my fault I was born first. Besides, nobody ever sent me on an eight month vacation, so ease up on the sad sack stuff.
I was just thinking that I never had a new pair of shoes till I was twelve.
You gonna jump?  Or are you just having a last look?
I know enough.
You weren't there, you don't know what happened.
I gotta go.
Is it true Phil?
Well that's just typical isn't it?
Everybody's saying this whole tribunal is happening because of your father.  Because of you.
I guess.
Can we talk?
Like you really care.  Like any of you give a shit what happens to me.
You only hurt yourself you know?
What's the difference?
Why'd you do it?
Like this!
Yeah, but how are you supposed to make the first move?
Shut up, Phil.
God damn it man.  I think he broke my nose!
It was a bad dream...
Hey, shut up will ya?
That is the point... And Skipper'll slip off the hook.
But that's not the point...
They don't know that.  We were the only one's on deck. Look, there's nothing they can do to me right?  I'm a kid.
You taking the order wouldn't have changed anything.
I'm pissin' fire man.
We all have problems.
Listen man, I think I have a problem.
Well, and it's pretty cool too, ya know?  Bein' here together an all...
Sorry to here it.
I know you will.
Goodbye Mom.  I'll be okay.
Look, I just better go.
Passport?
Yes.
Do you have your ticket?
Me too.
It says she was originally Schooner rigged, but Captain Sheldrake turned her into a brigantine.  I think square rigs look so much more romantic.
No, I didn't.
Honey, did you know that the Albatross was captured by the Germans during World War II?
What are you talking about.
I can't go in there.
I can't make it out?
What are they doing?
I couldn't.
Jesus, you never told them?
My brother.  He fell out of the old beech tree.  Broke his neck.  I was on a camp out.  They started going at it, throwin' things, a real knock down...  They didn't find him 'till the next morning.  They didn't even know why he was up there.
Who?
That's how he died you know.
Swear to God.  Only good advice he ever gave me.  Now, go back to sleep.
It works?
My dad.
Who told you that?
Here's the thing; whenever you're having a nightmare, all you have to do is say 1-2-3 wake up!  You'll be out of it.  You'll wake up.
It was so real...
Kennet Square, PA.  'Mushroom capital of the world'.
Depths of hell... Ohio.  How 'bout you?
Where are you from any way?
'Cause they're getting a divorce.  That's why they sent me here.  My sister's at Tabor.  They just wanted us out of the house so they could get down to business.
How do you know?  They might.
My parents don't do it anymore.
I said "Sorry, wrong room" and walked away.
What'd you do?
My mother says in this really low, but very awake kind of voice "What?"
So... What happened?
Come on man, what'd they look like?
No way!
That's like wondering if your mom and dad do it.  Who wants to know?
Ya know... "It".
Do what?
You think Skipper and Alice do it?
It doesn't matter.  Really.  I'm just sorry you got chewed out.
I'm sorry I left you hanging up there.
I'm used to spending a lot of time alone.  I guess that's what I thought it would be out here.  But, it's not is it?
Forget it.
I feel like I got you into this.
I just brought you something to eat.
Look, I appreciate, you know, the concern and all, but like he said, I can take care of myself.
Good.
Fine.
How ya doing?
I can't watch this.
Jesus.
Maybe it's an air raid.
What the hell is going on?
You should tell him.  That's something he can take with him.
I don't know.
Does Phil know how you guys feel?
They send us because they want us to change, or grow up or something and then they try to keep us the same.
They have every right Chuck.
I mean he has all these expectations and he doesn't even know who his own kid is.  What right did then have to show up here?
It's his father sir.  He's suffocating him.  We've all seen it...
Of a fight he can't win out here.
Of what?
The Dolphin was a symptom.
He killed the dolphin.
Why do you think I'm sending him home?
Close the door.  Sit down.
Sir...?
Can't do it.
The fact is... We'd like you to give Phil another chance.
Well, spit it out.
I'm here on behalf of the crew, sir.
What's on your mind?
You can't run from the wind son. You trim your sails, face the music and let the chips fall.  Bill, let's close her up, dog, tight.
Shouldn't we turn away?
Sometimes it gets exciting out here.
Would you, um, say it's a big storm?
Uh, huh.
Face what?
Remember something, sooner or later... we all have to face it.
It was my fault.  I slipped.
You all right?
All stop on the engine.
Yes, sir.
Unfurl the squares!
Northeast sir!
Speak up boy!
Ah... Northeast... sir.
Gentleman, when you hear an order, sing out.  I want to know that you've heard and understand.  Raise the mainsail.
Yes sir.
Hold her steady into the wind. Southwest by west.
That is unfortunate.  We'll have to take him with us.
He left his passport in Curacao. It's being mailed to Panama.
Stow away?
Your cannons made a compelling argument.
But you invited is aboard.
So is violating international law.
Chicken is a fool's game captain.
No.
So when the captain gave you an order contrary to your training, you thought he was making a mistake?
Let the blow drive the boat down wind.  Neutralize our canvas.
Then what do you think he was trying to do.
No.
Is that what you were trained to do?
Twice.
But the Captain ordered you hard to starboard.
I thought we'd have a better chance if I headed into the wind so we could spill air from our sails.
Why didn't you turn hard to port as the wind hit?
Well, we've come to give our boy a little break from the monotony.
What is it we can do for you today?
Well, you never can tell these days, can you?
And, of course, we are.
Well, we thought we'd drop in and see if you were all still in one piece.
He's a big boy.
We'll do our best.  You're welcome to say goodbye.
Take good care of my son.
It will be more than that, I can promise you.
I'll be frank with you.  This was his mother's idea.  A romp through the Caribbean on a sailboat sounds more like a vacation than an education if you ask me.
Happily, it all worked out... This time.  Bill, take Philip below and help him find a bunk.
And I would have expected compensation for my time and expense coming all the way down here.
This is a working ship.  Promptness is not a luxury, it's a necessity, as is the work to maintain her.  Had we been ready, I can assure you we would have sailed.
Indentured servitude is not what my son had in mind.
As you can see, there's a lot to do.
Your cable said you wouldn't be putting out until mid-October.
I know.
I'm Francis Boutillier.  This is my son, Philip.
Oh, on the contrary, the Albatross is considered a very good omen.  It is said they embody the spirits of sailors passed on.  It's very bad luck if you kill one.  And dolphins too.
Albatross?  Doesn't inspire a lot of confidence.
It's okay.  I'll be in, in a minute.  Look, what do you want?
Who is it Philip?
No.  Look, it's me okay?  Can't it just be about me?  For once?
Well, what does it have to do with? Us?
It has nothing to do with him.
Listen to me, you thankless little prick.  We're your parents, so don't you dare talk to me disrespectfully. What the hell is it, this captain? Because I'll see him in a rowboat...
Look, you put me on this boat in the first place.  I didn't want to come but I did.  Why do you have to embarrass me.  Why can't you just leave me alone?
Oh, really?
I can take care of myself.
Spying?!
Why are you here?
Humor me.  Eat it anyway.
I should be eating with the crew.
What's wrong, you don't like steak?
Not a chance.  Remind them that according to the Geneva Convention, firing on a civilian vessel on the high sea is an act of war.
They think we're carrying Cuban refugees.  Skipper, they mean to board us.
She's Cuban.
Jesus.  She's got guns.
They'll know about it in the morning.
What's that?
They're in a hurry to grow up.  They don't know about consequences or responsibility.  That's being sixteen too.  I promise you one thing...
And being sixteen.
Spirits have a way of bringing that out.
Immortality.
A padlock.
What's that?
I guess we know what the next acquisition for the galley is going to be...
We're short one long boat too.  Come on.
Son-of-a-bitch.
I'm sorry, Skip.  It's this damned book.  Lawford gave it to me.
You're officer of the watch, George.
What?!  What's happening?!!
You know the best thing about being a Skipper is the worst thing.  It's all my responsibility.  So I'll tell you what George, you stay off of my bridge, and I'll stay out of your galley.  We'll get along that way.
Yes sir.
I need to know what I'm working with; what their boundaries are. Their lives depend on it, and for that matter so does yours.  We've got to bring them together.  Make them a crew.  We're as strong as our weakest link and I don't want to find that out the hard way.  So, I will challenge them and they will come together.
Yes.  I do.
You do?
I think you were too hard on Weathers.
Lemme go!  Lemme go!!
Jesus!  What the hell happened to him.
Why would you do that?
Me, too.
I can show you how to use a slide rule.
Hell, they even kicked me outa vo- tech 'cause I couldn't read a slide rule.
Oh, praise the lord.  Relax everybody.  Everything is under control.  The jug head's going to think of something.
We'll think of something.
How the hell are we gonna get outta here?
That's enough.
Yeah, well you're really gonna have some bad dreams if we find out you didn't.
Will you shut up?  You sound like my fucking sister.
Oh Jesus, oh Jesus.  Man I knew we shouldn't have gone.  I tried to tell you.  I tried to tell you.  You guys made me come!  You made me come!!
I don't have to listen to this.
Why, man?
Okay donut.  Whatever you say.
It matters to me.
I figured it out.
They tell you that?
I've seen 'em.  I've seen 'em.
Damn, Porkchop, you sound just like a guy who ain't never seen a pair.
On the dog watch, night after the storm, I look down into the skylight above Skipper's cabin and there she was, peelin' down.
What?  Come on...
Trust me donut.  I know.
How would you know?
Like you'd know what to do with one.
If you've got "a broad" available I'll take her.
Shut up donut.
I'll read it.  I mean I don't mind.
Come on, he didn't mean anything.
Don't ever call me stupid.
Well, as soon as you grow some balls, let me know.
I couldn't do it.
Because I felt like it.  What do you care?
Why'd you jump?
What's your problem?
Read on, young John.  Read on. College boards are coming.
Then he shouldn't have written such a long poem, Mr. Lawford.
The rust won't wait for you to read Conrad, Goodall.
If it were only that simple, my young friend.  Read on, gentlemen. Read on.
What?
What is it... the secret?
This isn't just a story!!  It's history made allegory.  It is a philosophical handbook for life!  It holds the secret of this very voyage.
You know what he is talking about here?
Much have I traveled in realms of gold/ And many goodly states and kingdoms seen/ Round many western islands have I been/ Which bards in fealty to Apollo hold/ Oft of one wide expanse had I been told/ That deep-browed Homer ruled as his demesne.
Look, save it for somebody else will ya.  This ancient shit doesn't have anything to do with me.
That's not a satisfactory answer.
You will if you wanna eat.  Right George?
I don't.
Nobody aboard my ship is going anywhere.
If he's a Cuban, Castro wears a dress.
No.  Bring him on deck with the others.
Terry left his passport in Curacao. We could hide him...
What's that?
We've got a problem.
Barometer's dropping.  The first blow'll come from the south.  Might get interesting.
What do you think?
Outer.
Tie it off!!
It seems we're short on singers.
What's wrong Mr. Lawford.
He didn't get to be Under Secretary of the Air Force by being neighborly.
Well, that was neighborly.
About anything.
About yourself?
It hurts too much to care.
You're the one who doesn't care, Phil.
No, Phil.  It's a mammal.
Fuck off man.  It's just a fish.
What?
They're waving... handkerchiefs or something.
No self respecting shark is gonna take a bite out of you.
You gotta be kidding?  He's a human chum line!
Son of a bitch!!
I don't know.  We gotta get 'im outta here before Skipper sees him like this.
Come on man.  Let's just talk about it.
It's outta here!
Roger Meris, steps up, it's a corker down the pipe...
No way Phil.  Not like this.
Fandango, Junior.  I'm gonna do some limbo baby!!
Phil.  What are you doing?
There are some things that everybody does in the same language.
But, they don't speak English.
You've gotta be kidding?
What are we supposed to talk about?
Long enough.
How long you been standing there?
You already have.  Now go on.  Do it.
I'm not gonna kill it.
Each one of you will be responsible for one student.  I'll expect you to be courteous.  You represent this school and your country.  We'll sail in the morning.
Joy, rapture...
I have arranged to host a good will cruise for the Dutch students of the local school there.
I'm not staying out here.
Do me a favor and tell Bill once she's dogged down I want everyone to break out their slickers and make sure their gear is stowed or we'll spend the next week sorting underwear.  Lawford, Bill, Mike, John, and Phil will stand the watch.  Everyone else hit the racks.
Excellent.  Bill, find Mr. Weathers a position to suit his condition.
No, sir.
Then keep your mouth shut.
No.
Do you have something to say?
The first thing is I don't like people talking when I'm talking so the two of you, shut up.
Suicidal...
Sir.
You're a day late.  We keep a schedule aboard ship.  Lives depend on it.  Hello, Philip.
No.  Hate the fear inside of you! Climb like a man mister!  Hate it! Hate it away.  Hate your way up one more rung!!  Do it right now!!
I hate you, you son of a bitch!!!
Are you hating this?!  Are you!
Aaauuuhhh!!!
You climb damn it, or so help me I'll haul you to the foretop by your diaper and leave you there!
I can't.
Don't look down.  Look in my eyes! Climb!  We'll do it together.
I don't know...
What are you blubbering about?
Sorry won't cut it.
I'm sorry...
What's it going to be?
Up you go.  Right now.
What?
Swing up, son.
Isn't also true that his vessel went down off of Nantucket?  Lost everyone on board.  In fair weather no less.
Yes.
I don't think one second of this is funny, sir.
Do you think this is funny?  Some kind of joke?  You lost six people out there.
Yes, that's true.
... and that you invited him to strike you?  To fight it out on the deck of your ship?!
For killing a dolphin.
Is it true that the reason you expelled Philip Boutillier...
They are much more than that, sir.
Except, a "White Squall".  With all due respect Captain Sheldrake, they're only boys...
We'd come twelve thousand miles together, through every kind of seas imaginable...
You really felt that your crew were up for the conditions.
I can't be sure.
What makes you so sure it was one?
No.
Yes, I was.
Sir, were you aware at any time of the use of alcohol among the crew.
Were you aware that his brother was killed in a fall.
He climbed when he was ready.
Is it true that you forced Robin Weathers to climb the mast when it was clear that he was acrophobic.
Then what are you trying to say then?
I don't know that anything could have prevented what happened.
If this young man had responded instantly to your command, do you believe the ship might have been spared?
No.  I didn't.
And you didn't do anything about it?
I am accountable.
The papers are going to eat you alive.  Even if you beat it, you'll never get another commission.  They want someone to be accountable.
... Absolutely not.
The families... want your ticket. Turn it in, we forget the whole thing.  Everybody goes home.
The Coast Guard 'Eagle'.  She never lost a race while you were Skipper.
I used to helm a school ship.  A long time ago.
It wasn't hard.
How'd you manage to piss off a guy as powerful as Francis Boutillier?
May I ask you something?
I understand.
There are allegations questioning your competence with regard to the command of the Albatross.  I have been instructed to convene a formal tribunal to determine whether or not negligence played a part in the sinking.
That's not what Skipper thought.  He was trying to spill air from the main!
I was trying to get her up wind! That's what you do when you're hit a-beam.  Or maybe you're too stupid to know that!
Everybody knows why she went over Tod.  You jibed the boat.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Easy for you to say.
Screw you, Valentino.  I haven't seen you swapping spit with anybody.
Don't mind him, Chucky.  You're talking to a guy whose idea of big romance is a palm full of Vaseline.
Soon as we ship it'll be "forgetta".
Thank you. It's listeners such as yourself who made me want to get up out of that hospital bed and back into the studio as fast as I could.
Well, that's so good to hear, Artie. You know some of us depend on you down this way. You're so entertainin' and you get so many interestin' guests.
I'm fine, thank you. I had a cardiac infarction but I'm on a new diet and exercising regularly. I've never felt better.
How ya feelin', Artie? I heard you wasn't doin' too well recent.
Yes, ma'am. What's on your almost- perfect mind this evening?
Artie? That you, Artie?
Come in, Montgomery, Alabama.
Real soon... I'll be makin' the swap tomorrow, and thanks again, Beany.
So you're gonna be needin' the "blue- bird" pretty soon?
Can't all husbands be perfect, and your Elmo prob'ly wouldn'ta ever got that second one pregnant, you hadn't kicked his ass out.
I didn't hate me so much, I'd feel better wishin' you luck.
Meetin' him at the gate. That phone call this afternoon was the signal. My deranged mama's hid the keys to my car. But of course, I know exactly where they are.
Yeah, well, if he says that all that flab turns into dick at midnight, he's a liar.
Seein's how you're about as thick as a used string of unwaxed dental floss, don't know how you can criticize.
He's so ugly. Guys with beards and beer guts ain't quite my type.
Why? He's right in the groove.
I can dig this music... But not that singer.
We don't have no paper bags.
I'd just soon have a paper bag rather than a plastic one, if it's same to you.
Then lemme throw in a couple more things.
Yessir.
Y'all take American Express?
This be it?
Sorry, gentlemen. I'm 'most finished on my shoppin' here.
Someday honey, I will... But I have to be goin' now... Conta i no joras...
Fuck me.
Whisper it... Whisper "fuck me"... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper...
Say it!... I'LL TEAR YOUR FUCKIN' HEART OUT, GIRL... Say "fuck me" soft - then I'll leave. Say "fuck me"... Whisper it... Then I'll leave... Say it... Say it - Say it - Say it...
No way... GET OUT!!!
Bobby Peru grab you now... Hold you tight... Feel everythin' in you now... Stay quiet... Say "fuck me" and then I'll leave.
Am I scarin' ya?... Your pussy wet?... Come on... is it?...  Hey, don't jump back so slow... I thought you was a bunny... Bunny jump fast - you jump back slow... Mean somethin', don't it?... Means somethin' to me... Means you want Bobby Peru... You want Bobby Peru to fuck you hard baby - open you up like a Christmas present.
Get out.
You know, I really do like a woman with tits like yours that talks tough and acts like she can fuck like a bunny... Can you fuck like that?... You like it like a bunny?... Huh?... Cause baby, I'll fuck you like a real good like a big ol' jack-rabbit bunny... Jump all around in that hole... Bobby Peru doesn't come up for air.
You used the toilet, now you can go - what I do around here ain't any of your business, that's for sure.
Hey... You gotta smell in this room of puke... You been pukin' in here, little girl? Huh?... You sick?... Pregnant?
I don't mean your head head - I'm not gonna piss on your head - your hair an' all... Just piss in the toilet. Y'all take a listen - here a deep sound comin' down from Bobby Peru.
Well... Yeah - okay.
Man, I gotta take a piss bad... Can I use your head there?
No, he's out changin' the oil in the car.
Hey, pretty woman... Sailor here?
Twenty.
How old are you?
What's Cao Ben?
Panty hose. Work better'n stockin's. Pull one of the legs down over your face and let the other leg trail behind your head. You get the pistol.  Remember, soon as we get inside, you keep that bad boy up where those hicks can see it. Once they notice the Ithaca and the Smith, they'll know we ain't foolin' with 'em.
What is it?
That's right... Take one of these.
Why should it?
She's my girl... She's drivin'... That bother you?
What's she doin' here?
Like takin' candy from a fuckin' baby...
...But DAMN man... This better go smooth.
Yeah... yeah... I guess so... That kind'a money'd get us a long way down that yellow brick road...
Hey... I never said you was a pussy... Always figured you had the big ol' round balls for this kind'a thing... Sure would set you and that pretty little girl up good.
I don't particularly care for that kind of talk, Bobby.
This is easy money, pardner... No ones gonna get hurt in this thing... And I don't think you can afford not to take it... I'll be bringin' the Eldo 'round the front of the motel at ten tomorrow mornin'... If you ain't a pussy - you'll be there.
Forty bucks...
How much money you have between the two a'ya right now?...
Come on outside, I got somethin' to show ya.
Have now.
Don't think about it too long.  You had enough?
I ain't fuckin' sure, Bobby.
Just took a guess is all... You in or out on this deal?
She really say she was pregnant?
Talked to her this afternoon... While you was out.
When did you talk to Lula?
Couple grand or more'd give you two a leg up. Get you to the west coast, Mexico, most anyplace, with a few dollars in your jeans. I got it figured good, Sailor.
Lula tell you she's pregnant?
Well... I mean like Lula bein' in a family way.
Whattaya mean family?
Be easy, Sailor. There's two employees. I take one in the back to open the safe, you keep the other'n covered... You ain't plannin' on raisin' a fam'ly in Big Tuna, are ya?
No... I don't think so, man.
Feed store keeps up to five K in their safe. Need me a good boy for back-up. Even split. You interested?
What's that?
I been studyin' a situation over in Lobo, take two men to handle it.
Why not?
Ready for another?
Wouldn'ta guessed it, that's sure.
Oil, gas, cattle, farmin'. Ain't nobody shows off around here. Iguana County's one of the richest in Texas.
They look like a bunch of good ol' boys to me. I guess it's oil money, huh?
Then you're a member... Three or four millionaires in here right now.
No.
You an indian?
No.
You black?
Thought you said this was a private club. How come I'm allowed in without bein' a member?
New Orleans, huh?... We was just there.
Sorry to hear it.
Restin' in our room. She ain't been feelin' well.
Hell, no, belongs to my girl's sister. The sister's been over to New Orleans, lets us have it while she's gone. Where's that pretty little lady of yours today?
This your car?
Thought maybe Sparky and Buddy'd taken ya. Come on, I'll drive.
No, haven't heard of it.
Let's go by Rosarita's. You been there yet?
That'd be fine, Bobby.
How 'bout a beer?
Thanks, Bobby, 'bout done.
Need a hand?
You was in the Marines, huh?
I'm from all over.
Maybe he'll get a little nervous, but who gives a shit?
What's gonna happen when he sees me drivin' the car tomorrow?
That's right... Could have a bad accident, though... before... durin'... or after a hold-up...
No, of course.
What'd you say?
Used to.
No shit?!?! You know him?
That guy Sailor came around this afternoon... Asked me if there was a contract out on 'im.
The cobra's waitin' to strike, chica.
Juana called. They're stayin' another week.
You heard from Reggie?
Wish I'd fuckin' cut you up good.
Ain't never had no girl pull a blade on me.
You still screwing sixteen-year-olds in the ass?
Told ya I would. You still riled?
Nice of you to drop by.
Thanks.
About. Where Lafitte crosses over Galvez Highway. State Road 86.
You say it's straight ahead a mile?
Club Zanzibar.
What's the name of it?
Mostly black though in that boogie place.
Got enough, thanks. We're lookin' for a place has some music, where we can maybe do some dancin' - get somethin' to eat, too. Anything like that around here?
Gas?
I'll tell ya though, it's comin' up to the time when Marietta and me might just set up house together and settle down... I think that time's comin' up right soon. But like you said, everythin's relative.
That's what I mean... Always looked like you was just knocked out in love... Was real nice to see.
Not for lack of love, I can tell ya that.
It's none of my business, but when are you and Marietta gonna tie the knot? I always wondered why you never did.
No sir...
You hitched yet?
Sounds right... I'll check it out.
Hell, that rings a bell. Someone told me somebody lookin' like her was at the Nothin' Fancy yesterday.
Actually, I'm lookin' for Marietta's daughter, Lula. Her and 'er beau took off the other day. Marietta's real upset about it.
So who you out sleuthin' for now?... Can I help ya?
Set one up.
What'll it be? The regular? Black Label?
No... She's fine. Back home.
Everythin's relative. Where's that Marietta Pace Fortune? You two didn't split up, I hope.
Real good, Chet... It's been awhile.
Hey!!!... Johnnie Farragut. How are you, my man.
Call me Johnnie... N.O. has always been a good town to sit around in.
But how are you finding New Orleans, Senor Farragut?
Yes. Mr. San Pedro Sula spoke yesterday to his son, Archibald Leach San Pedro Sula, who is named after Cary Grant, and he told them there was a shooting.
So, it's back to the islands.
We were. Now Mr. San Pedro Sula and I are on our way back to Utila, in the morning.
I thought you two were in Austin, Texas. Or Takes-us, as they say in these parts.
Whattaya do there?
No big buildings like in New Orleans.
Muchas gracias.
Alright... By all means. Make yourselves at home.
We are in the same businesses and also we are fishermen.
He wants to take Mr. San Pedro Sula and me bass fishing.
United States Marine issue, before they made the unfortunate switch to the less dependable nine millimeters. I have it here, in my briefcase.
Mr. San Pedro Sula's authorized to carry a .45.
Only if necessary, of course, and only in my own country. 
Mr. San Pedro Sula's permit to kill.
That is my permiso.
But I am also with the government.
Mr. San Pedro Sula's got an appliance shop.
Oh, many things...
Do you know Honduras, Johnny?
Mr. San Pedro Sula is from Honduras.
Guilty on a reduced charge. Hundred dollar fine and ordered to desist. Pigeons carry diseases and muss up the place. You seen it. Plain filth.
What happened on the charges?
Woman drivin' down the street spotted me with on a roof with my rifle. She called the police and they came over and arrested me. Thought I was a sniper! Boys at the VFW loved that one. Cops didn't understand about the pigeons, the damage they do to personal property. I used to complain to the city but they never lifted a finger. I was gonna put out poison, but I was afraid somebody's cat would eat it. Hell, I had six cats myself. So I used the .22 because it didn't make much noise and the ammo was cheap.
If your neighbors didn't mind, how'd you get put out of business?
Was in all the papers three years ago. I'm seventy-six, was only seventy- three then. Had a business in Buffalo, New York, called Rats With Wings. Killed pigeons for anyone who wanted 'em killed.
Don't know that I have... Should I know about you for anythin' in particular?
My name's George Kovich. Bet you've heard of me.
If you are truly wild at heart, you'll fight for your dreams... Don't turn away from love, Sailor... Don't turn away from love... Don't turn away from love.
But I'm wild at heart.
She's forgiven you of all these things... You love her... Don't be afraid, Sailor.
But I'm a robber and a manslaughterer and I haven't had any parental guidance.
Sailor... Lula loves you.
The Good Witch...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to do this to ya here in front of a crowd, but I want ya to stand up and make a nice apology to my girl.
Come here.
...Asshole.
This is a snakeskin jacket, and for me it's a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom.
Don't fuck with me, man. You look like a clown in that stupid jacket.
Are you going to provide me with an opportunity to prove my love to my girl? Or are you gonna save yourself some trouble and step up like a gentleman and apologize to her?
Oh God... OH GOD... Santos... Oh God Marietta... are you in on this?... OH GOD!!!
I forgot to show you this. The gentlemen that gave this to me said you'd recognize it. Said he wanted it'd be 'bout the last thing you ever saw in this life.
The real joke is we never went fishing, but we're still fishing.
Gotta admit, you guys are -  two in four dozen.
How's that?
Do you know how it came about that copper wire was invented in Scotland?
Hasta siempre.
Hasta siempre.
It has its moments of uncertainty.
This island of yours sounds like a kind of unpredictable place.
Teddy Roosevelt, one of the local shrimp boat captains is in jail now. These people are friends of mine, so I must return and find out what happened.
I think they are too serious, these American fishermen. In Honduras, we are not so concerned with the method.
Why not? How was the fishin'?
Would you like to enjoy a martini with us?
I couldn't say, which one?
The same to you. If you are in Honduras, come to the Bay Islands and visit us. The Hondurans are great friends of the American people. But I have a joke for you before I go. If a liberal, a socialist, and a communist all jumped off the roof of the Empire State Building at the same time, which one of them would hit the ground first?
Certainly not. We are here only briefly, in fact, until this evening, when we fly to Austin, Texas to visit a friend of mine who is an agent for the CIA.
Why are you in New Orleans? If you don't mind my askin'.
He is my sponsor. The General is the head of the secret police of Honduras.
General Osvaldo Tamarindo y Ramirez. Telefono 666.
In many capacities.
In what capacity?
Yes, that's so. But there is not much to destroy.
Only that it's supposed to be a pretty poor sight since the hurricane came through last year.
Johnnie, please. Nope. Charlotte, North Carolina. Here on business.
You are from New Orleans, Senor Farragut?
See ya downstairs.
You won't of missed much.
And to think what coulda happened in that king-sized bed tonight...
I'll pack my things and meet you downstairs.
This 'bout the fifth time?
Did I tell ya it's great to see ya again?
Let's head for Texas and see if we can pick up the trail.
All I have to do is grab my suitcase, and I'm ready. You're lucky cause I happen to love night drivin'.
Johnnie... That's the past... We gotta get on to our future, sugar!
Yeah... The one that introduced Santos to you and Clyde.
Who?... Uncle Pooch?...
That bastard Pucinski...
Hell no, baby... I wouldn'ta done that without tellin' you.
Honey, I have to ask you this... Is Santos involved in any of this?
I did, honey, but that was last night... Let's just find those two kids before it's too late.
Somethin' was upsettin' you bad last night, and you wanted to tell me and I figured you wanted to tell me so's I could help...
Johnnie, I can't tell you, honey. Is there anyway we can get on the road tonight? We've got to find them kids.
Just some guys I met here... I keep seein' 'em...  Now tell me...
What is it, Johnnie?
I'll be damned if that wasn't a wrong number?
Who was that?... Who know's your here?
Seven tomorrow evenin'. We can eat at Galatoire's. Fix it.
I'll meet you, Marietta, if that's what you want, but I'm against it.
No, you wait right there for me... I'll be on the Piedmont flight tomorrow at seven. Meet me at the airport.
Marietta, I was just gonna leave and see if I could pick up their trail.
I won't tell you over the phone. I'm comin' to N.O. and I'll tell you then.
What?
Could she be doin' okay, Johnnie? She's tryin' to prove somethin' to me, that's all. Lula ain't doin' no more'n showin' off, defyin' me...  Johnnie, I've done somethin' bad...
How'd she sound? Was she doin' okay?
No, but my guess is they're headed west, so prob'ly Texas. Their money must be runnin' low. I don't think Sailor had much to begin with, if any, and Lula took the six hundred she had saved in the Cherokee Thrift.
Did she tell you where she was callin' from?
Listen, Johnnie, Lula just called me. She knew you were in N.O., so they left the city.
I got some news, Marietta. Lula and Sailor been here. They checked out of the Hotel Brazil on Frechman Street yesterday.
I will, Marietta. Goodbye now.
I'm stayin' right here by the phone until you find Lula, then I'm comin' to get her. You call soon's you got somethin', even if it's three in the a.m.
Really, Marietta, you got more scenarios swimmin' around in your brain than Carter got pills. Try to take it easy. Go over to Myrtle Beach for a few days.
This is the kinda mistake can take a Hindu's lifetime to unfix... You better get a move on, Johnnie, before that boy got her holdin' down a Memphis streetcorner and shootin' dope up her arms.
No, Marietta, I haven't found 'em.
Marietta, settle down now darlin'... I want what's best for her, too - like I said, I'll do what I can to bring her home.
Maybe I was there, but I didn't see anythin'. All I know's that trash killed a man with his bare hands. Hands which are now prob'ly all over my baby!
Sailor ain't a murderer. You got to get off that kick. And far's I can tell, Sailor was entire clean prior to that involvin' Lula. Even there he was protectin' her. You oughta be thankin' him for that. That Bob Ray Lemon they say was comin' after the both of 'em. Why am I tellin' you this, you was around that night. You ought to know just exactly what happened. Sailor just got a little too forceful is all... You remember that night...
Well stop worryin' about me and start worryin' about how you're gonna get that Lula back here and away from that murderer.
Sorry, sweetheart. Bein' in love with you like I am brings out that ugly jealous side.
Oh, Johnnie Farragut... Don't you trust your very own Marietta?
Darlin', you ain't seein' Santos again, are ya?
You're just jealous of Santos cause he's sweet on me.
Now, Marietta, I am goin' to help you. And don't be gettin' carried away. You don't want to be bringin' Santos and his people into it.
I'll hire a hit man if you don't want to help me stop this thing. I'll call Marcello Santos.
Don't talk down to me, Johnnie Farragut. I know what volition means, and that's why I want Sailor Ripley off the planet! He's pure slime and it's leakin' all over my baby. Maybe you could push him into makin' some kinda move and then kill him dead. You'd only be defendin' yourself, and with his record, nobody'd fuss.
He served his time for what he did. Another thing... If Lula went with him of her own volition - willingly, that is - there ain't much can be done about it.
I knew this would happen. Soon as that piece of filth got out of Pee Dee, I knew there'd be trouble. He's just got some kind of influence over her I can't decipher. There's somethin' wild in Lula I don't know where it comes from. You gotta find 'em, Johnnie.
Pace, your daddy'd love you even if you didn't have no hair at all.
Case daddy don't like me. What if he don't like that I don't got his color hair.
Why, honey?
I'm scared, mama.
Thinkin' a second, baby.
Why we sittin' here, mama?
Wrong, baby. Your daddy never committed no murder. Musta been you didn't hear grandmama proper. He made some mistakes, is all. Your daddy ain't always been so lucky... We're almost at the depot, honey. Sit back a minute.
Grandmama said how Sailor murdered a man.
And?
Heard grandpa Santos and grandmama talkin'.
Course he ain't never killed nobody. Why'd you say that, Pace?
My daddy ain't never killed nobody, has he, mama?
Like you, sweetheart. You and your daddy got the same mouth, eyes, ears, and nose. Only difference is your color hair is like mine.
I still ain't sure what my daddy looks like.
Why, Pace Roscoe Ripley, ain't you got one cute mouth tonight?
You ain't actin', mama.
Nothin', honey.  Mama's just actin' strange.
What I made you do, mama?
Damn it, child! Now look what you made me do.
How'll he know what we look like? He seen our photo?
Don't give me no trouble now, Pace, please. This ain't the easiest day in a long time. And what do you mean how are we gonna know what your daddy looks like? You seen his photo.
SAILOR!!!!
LULA!!!!
What makes sense, is all.
How can you say that, Sailor?
He ain't never known me, Lula, so there ain't much for him to forget. Not seein' each other for six years makes it next best to simple for us, too.
What're you talkin' about? That's your son in there.
It's a mistake, honey. You two go on. I'll walk back to the depot.
Really, Sail, I'll be okay.
Boys frightened, Lula. This ain't no good.
I'm sorry, Sailor. I just can't help it. Give me a minute and I'll quit.
Lead the way.
You hungry? Pace and I ain't had dinner yet.
Shake hands with your daddy.
You must be my son.
Thanks, darlin', I know you got my best interest in mind, and I 'preciate it sincerely. I love you, but I gotta sleep now.
That man's a black angel, Sailor. You hook up with him, you'll regret it. If you live to.
Lula, he mighta did, I don't know. But it don't matter now. Lotta guys go outta control in a war and it ain't their fault.
Was a massacre. Soldiers there murdered old folks, women and babies, and dumped 'em in a trench. Bobby Peru prob'ly killed the most.
What?
Buddy told me about that thing at Cao Ben?
Lula, I got to get some sleep.
He's the kind liked it.
That was in Vietnam.
That was a accident. I bet both our asses Bobby Peru done murdered all kinds of people, and meant it, too.
I killed Bob Ray Lemon, didn't I?
He's a stone fuckin' criminal, honey, and you ain't.
What could I be up to, Lula?
Who says I'm smart? You up to somethin' with Bobby Peru, Sailor?
Rather be in El Paso than Big Tuna.
We got about forty bucks, sweetheart. That'd get us to El Paso.
I mean tomorrow.
We're goin' to, Lula, real soon.
Let's leave here.
Uh-huh?
Sail?
Went with Bobby.
So where'd you say you was?
Oughta make 'em happy.
Some... Sparky said Red's promised to have him and Buddy out of here by the weekend.
You talk to 'im some?...
Yeah... He was lookin' for you.
And Bobby too, I hear...
Buddy and Sparky come by earlier.
That smell's still fillin' this room good.
Can't tell yet. Where'd you go?
Few beers is all. Feelin' any better?
You been drinkin', huh?
I know this ain't easy, Lula, but I ain't gonna let things get no worse, I promise.
I know. Just I'm sorta uncomfortable about the way some things is goin', and this don't help soothe me.
Love you, too.
Really, Sailor, it ain't nothin' against you. I love you.
Well, nothin' personal, but I ain't sure it's okay by me.
It's okay by me, peanut.
Not that. Look at what I wrote down cause I can't say it.
I know you ain't particularly pleased bein' here.
Sailor? You know what?
No, I don't think so, Sail. I just need to lie down.
Anything I can do for you?
I'll come along.
Darlin', I still ain't feelin' so well. I'm goin' to bed.
Come sit by me.
Yeah?
A little, I think... Darlin'?
You sick?
I barfed. Tried to make it to the bathroom... Turned out it was the wrong door anyways... I sorta got it cleaned up.
Maybe. Met a guy named Red, owns a garage, could have some work in about a week. Met a few hard luck boys who's stayin' here. What's that smell?
You find any work?
The only one.
That you, Sail, honey?
Okay, honey, I'll see you later.
I'm gonna stay here in this room, Sailor. I don't feel so good? This heat makes me tired.
This ain't exactly my most thrillin' notion of startin' a new life.
Yeah?
Sailor?
Let's get a sandwich and find out about some work.
Now what?
Fan works.
And no AC.
No radio or TV...
Not bad for eleven dollars a day.
Not quite as bad as the weather though... It must be a hundred and ten and it ain't even noon yet.
Well, it ain't exactly Emerald City...
Let's get outta here, honey.
She died right in front of me. Why'd she have to go and do that, Sailor?
I'm afraid she is, baby.
I can't take this, Sailor. She's dyin' right in front of our eyes...
Don't know, but she's gonna bleed all over our car, I'll tell ya that...  Hey... Hello... Girl... You gotta come with us, honey.
You think she's gonna make it?
Let's get ahold a' her quick.
I don't know, honey, but we gotta help that girl - get her to a town and hope no one catches on I broke parole.
Sailor, what are we gonna do?
SAILOR!!!
One bad car accident...
Oh God, Sailor.
I don't know... Looks like clothes.
What's that?
We'll be alright, peanut, long as we've got room to move.
I do trust you, Sailor. Like I ain't never trusted nobody before.
Trust me on it.
If you say so.
There's worse places, honey.
Well, we're really out in the middle of it now, ain't we?
It's a comfortin' idea.
I take that as a sign that we were destined by fate to be together.
They have, sugar.
My mama...  So Sailor, our histories have been somewhat intertwined.
I didn't want to say it... but I had a feelin' Santos was up to somethin' with your mama...
...They was laughin' arm in arm like animals.
That night in the fire while my daddy was dyin'... I saw mama up in her room with Santos...
No, Sailor darlin'. Just shockin' sometimes when things aren't the way you thought they were... I been carryin' a secret too...
You upset with me?
Yeah, I'm here.
Lula, you there?
Met him through Santos... Clyde - your daddy - had some sorta business deal with Santos.
How'd you know my daddy?
We all got a secret side, baby. Hope you don't think I been lyin' to you 'bout other things, sugar.
That's some big secret you been carryin', Sailor.
I know, sugar... But while the place was burnin'... Before Santos came out - I pitched some rocks at the second floor windows case anyone was upstairs sleepin'... Afterwards... When I met you, I always liked to think I mighta saved your life.
God, Sailor... That's the night my daddy died.
I quit workin' for 'im, but just before I did, I ended up one night at a house... I don't know what it is they all think I saw that night, but I was just sittin' out in the car till the whole place went up in flames.
Oh shit...
Yes I did... I sure did... The bad side of it is I did some drivin' for a man named Marcello Santos...
You knew my daddy?
Well, there's a good side as well as a bad side to it... The good side is I knew your daddy, and I thought Clyde was a good ol' guy...
You're scarin' me, baby.
Not exactly, sugar... One reason we're in all the trouble we're in right now is cause of what I was doin'... I tried to tell you this before...
I just figured you was out bein' Mr. Cool...
You know, Lula, I never told you what all I was doin' before I met you.
Sure is a big deal round here... Alamo Road, Alamo Street, Alamo Square, Alamo Buildin', Alamo Alamo. They ain't forgettin' about it in a hurry. That's the thing 'bout memory? Some things you wish you could forget... What's troublin' you, sugar?
This ain't news, sweetheart. I hate to tell ya.
The world's gettin' worse, I think, Sailor. And it don't sound like there's much we can do about it, neither.
I can't take no more of this radio...  I ain't never heard so much concentrated weirdness in my life, Sailor Ripley, you find me some dancin' music right this minute... I MEAN IT!!
What's that, peanut?
That'd be good, Lula.
You want me to drive for a stretch? Give you a chance to rest.
Not in Houston. We'd be better off in some place more out of the way.
You want to stick around here, Sailor? See if we can get some work?
Under a hundred.
How much we got left, honey?
Told you not to call your mama.
Leave me be for a minute? Mama gets all insane and then I see you practicin' your individuality and personal freedom with some oil-town tramp. How you figure I'm gonna feel?
Honey, I'm sorry. It wasn't nothin'. Come on and get up and we'll take off.
It's me who's wastin' time, Sailor, bein' with you.
I was just wastin' time, peanut, till you come back.
Pardon me? Y'all got a phone here I can use?
I ain't so sure it's a great idea, but that's up to you. Just don't tell her where we are.
I want to call her and tell her I'm okay. That we're okay.
More'n likely.
Mama. I been thinkin' about her. She's prob'ly worried to death by now.
What's wrong, sweetheart? Somethin' botherin' you?
You think she's pretty?
Honey, we bein' strangers here and all, this is the kinda place we don't want to make nothin' of nothin'.
Well, she ain't talked to nobody and ain't nobody spoke to her that I could tell. What you make of that?
Yeah.
You notice that woman when we come in? The white woman sittin' by herself?
Uh huh.
I'll be damned if I'm leavin'. That band is too good?
We'll find out in a hurry.
You ready for this?
Maybe there's a place we could hear some music. I feel like dancin'. We could ask someone.
Hard to tell what's shakin' in a place like this, honey. You don't want to be walkin' in the wrong door.
I wouldn't mind a little night life. How about you?
Do me a favor, Sailor? Don't pick up no more hitchers, okay?
Just part of life on the road, peanut.
I know you're thinkin' that I got more'n some of my mama in me? Well, I couldn't help it. Sailor, I really couldn't. I'm sorry for that guy, but when he pulled that drippin' hunk of awful-smellin' meat out of his pocket? I near barfed. And them poor diseased puppies!
You don't feel you was a little hard on the guy, honey?
He's just a regular guy't needs help, honey. Look at him.
Sure you wanna do this? Might be a way they could track us.
Lula, darlin'... Makes no difference anyway... We're outta here.
He was sittin' there havin' a beignet at the Cafe Du Monde. Do you think he saw us?
Who knows, baby?
You think he saw us?
I'm goin'.
Never mind where... Get outta here... I mean it, Sailor.
Where?
Oh my God... It's Johnnie... Duck down!... Get goin'!
You do.
Who do?
Gotta hex from a voodoo?
Let's get outta here... I suddenly got a funny feelin' about this place. Feelin' all that voodoo...
Well, I ain't upset about it, darlin'. Just give me an odd feelin' there a minute, is all.
Sometimes dreams just don't mean nothin'... Stuff comes into your mind and you don't have no control over, you know? Anyways, dreams ain't no odder than real life. Sometimes not by half.
I know, peanut. But it wasn't all like you were so unhappy I was there, just you were upset. My bein' there was upsettin' to you. You had some kids there, little kids, and I guess you'd got married and your husband was comin' home any minute.
Oh, baby, what an idea. I'd always be happy to see you, no matter what.
I know. I kept walkin', I headed for your house, only it wasn't your house, really. You let me in only you weren't real pleased to see me. You kept askin', 'Why'd you come to see me now? Why now?' Like it'd been a long time since we'd seen each other.
Boy, sweetie, this is weird, okay.
The water was rollin' off me. And I was dirty, too, like I hadn't had no bath in a long time, so the sweat was black almost.
It wasn't no fun, Lula. The wind was blowin' super-hard and I wasn't dressed warm. Only instead of freezin', I was sweatin' strong.
What was this one?
No, I like gettin' up around four a.m. and talkin' bout wild animals... Though you woke me up this time in the middle of a dream. I kinda wish I didn't remember it. Up at Pee Dee, I couldn't remember any of my dreams.
You think so, baby? Does my talkin' bother you, honey?
Too bad they don't give an award for talkin'... You'd win first prize. Especially with those tits.
Talkin's good. Long as you got the other? I'm a big believer in talkin', case you ain't noticed.
We didn't do nothin' special I can remember. Just talked, is all.
I really do think it's the best night of my life.
I was hopin' you would. I know that night by heart. Sometimes, honey? I think it's the best night of my life.
I do.
Recall the time we was sittin' one night behind the Confederate soldier? Leanin' against it. And you took your hand and put it on your heart and you said, 'You feel it beatin' in there, Lula?... Get used to it, 'cause it belongs to you now.' D'you recall that?
I ain't never met anyone come close to you, sugar.
You certain?
You got me, peanut.
Anythin' interestin' in the world come out of somebody's weird thoughts, Sailor. You tell me Sailor, who could come up with shit like we're seein' these days?
Lula, sometimes I gotta admit, you come up with some weird thoughts...
Shhhhh... It's four o'clock... That woman's laugh the other day had somethin' to do with this feelin'?... Like bein' ripped apart by a gorilla, maybe... Grabbed sudden and pulled apart real quick by a real powerful one.
My God,  it better be, darlin', cause it'd be the last... What time is it?
Ever imagine what it'd be like to get eaten alive by a wild beast? Sometimes I think it would be the biggest thrill?
Huh?
One person thinks he's doin' somethin' good and ever'body else gets upset about it.
What's that, peanut?
It's just another case, Sailor.
What lesson do get outta that story, Lula?
You really are dangerously cute, honey. I gotta admit it.
I love it when your eyes get wild, honey. They light up all blue almost and little white parachutes pop out of 'em. Oh, Sailor you're so aware of what goes on with me? I mean, you pay attention. And I swear, you got the sweetest cock. Sometimes it's like it's talkin' to me when you're inside? Like it's got a voice all it's own. You get right on me.
We sure don't, honey...  Get me a Mounds?
We're about dry bones, sweetheart. We don't wanna have to push this "bird" into New Orleans.
Honey, we're goin' to bed now and it's time to change the subject.
Honest, Lula. I prob'ly ain't precisely got all the facts straight, but it's about what they said.
Sailor Ripley! You stop! You're makin' this shit up and I ain't gonna sit for it!
How they used to do it. Course they got more sophisticated ways now. Radio said the Chinese, I think it is, figured a better idea is by insertin' a balloon in the forehead and lettin' it hang down on the nose.
Sailor? You expect me to believe a man'd be goin' around with a arm sewed to his nose?
Yeah, well listen to this... Radio said back in the 1920s a I-talian doctor figured out that if, say, a fella got his nose cut off or bit off in, say, a barfight or somethin', they'd sew one of his forearms to his nose for a few weeks... Then put leeches on it.
I got one on me at Lake Lanier. Lifeguard poured salt on it and it dropped off. Felt awful. He was a cute boy, though, so it was almost worth it.
Heard on the radio how doctors is usin' leeches again, just in old times. You know, when even barbers used 'em?
Yeah, it's a real problem for me, Sailor, you know? When I went in that drugstore by the restaurant in Biloxi? I saw 'em by the register and the girl throw 'em in. I'm not big on resistin'. So what about a leech?
Got you a pack of Mores again, huh?
Say what? Honestly, sugar, you can talk more shit sometimes?
Lula... I learned somethin' interestin' today on a science show I heard on the radio... How leeches is comin' back into style.
M-i-ss-i-ss-i-pp-i... You can almost hear that jazz blowin' up from the big N.O.
Let's get fed, sweetheart. The light's fadin' fast.
It's huge. This musta been a grand old place at one time.
There ain't no water in the swimmin' pool. Just a dead tree fell in, prob'ly from bein' struck by lightnin'.
What's that, honey?
Come look at this.
I H-A-T-E hotel bedspreads. They don't hardly never get washed, and I don't like the idea of lyin' on other people's dirt.
Looks more like the Ghost of the Old South, but we'll try her.
How about that one? The Host of the Old South Hotel.
We oughta stay somewhere outta the way. Not in no Holidays or Ramadas or Motel Six. If Johnnie Farragut's on our trail he'll check those first.
Got anyplace special in mind?
Almost. I figure we should find us a place to stay and then go eat.
That's disgustin'. Those kinda sentiments shouldn't be allowed out in public. Is this Biloxi yet?
What it says on the bumper sticker up front. On that pickup.
What kinda trash talk is that?
Life is a bitch and then you marry one.
Thank the Lord. Well, you ain't let me down yet, Sailor. That's more'n I can say for the rest of the world?
Okay, manslaughterer who's broke his parole and got in mind nothin' but immoral purposes far's you're concerned.
Manslaughterer, honey, not murderer. Don't exaggerate.
You ain't gonna begin worryin' about what's bad for you at this hour, are you, sugar? I mean, here you are crossin' state lines with a A-Number One certified murderer.
Yeah, I guess, but - and here's the lesson part - they ain't supposed to be so bad for you.
They sure do stink.
It ain't. It's part of the lessons of life. I picked me up a pack of Vantages before we left the Cape?
That don't smell like a More.
We got through two states already.
You got about six more big states to go before we find out.
What'll it be like in California, Sailor, do you think? I hear it don't rain much there.
You guess? My parole was broke two hundred miles back when we burnt Portagee County.
I suppose so. She knew I was bound to see you soon as you was sprung, but I don't figure she counted on us takin' off together like this... I guess this means you're breakin' parole, then?
What do you mean by necessary? She's prob'ly already called the cops, my parole officer, her p.i. boyfriend Johnnie Farragut.
I'll drop mama a postcard from somewhere. I mean, I don't want her to worry no more'n necessary.
Sorta brown, blonde, I guess. But dig this, sweetie. Then she turns over, peels off them orange pants, and spreads her legs real wide and says to me...
Poor baby. She don't know what she missed. What color hair she have?
Her face was half-pushed into the pillow, and she looked back over her shoulder at me and said, 'I won't suck you. Don't ask me to suck you.'
You're excitin' me, honey. What'd she do?
She just rolled over onto her stomach and stuck her ass up in the air. I slid my hand between her legs and she closed her thighs on it.
I guess.
You mean like pedal pushers?
That's just what she said. I had a boner with a capital "O." I went to kiss her but she broke off laughin' and ran down the hallway. I found her lyin' on a bed in a room filled with assault weapons and Penthouse magazines. She was a wild chick. She was wearin' bright orange pants with kind of Spanish lookin' lacy black stripes down the sides. You know, them kind that doesn't go all the way down your leg?
Oh, baby. What a bad boy you are!
When she got almost to the top step I stuck my hand between her legs from behind.
Told her my name. Then she said somethin' like, 'It's so noisy down here. Why don't we go upstairs so we can hear ourselves?' She turned around and led the way. I knew I had an important lesson to learn that day.
What'd you say to her?
She looked right at me and run her tongue over her lips and put her hand on my arm - told me her name was Irma.
Maybe two, three months after Juarez. I was visitin' my cousin, Junior Train, in Savannah, and we were at some kid's house whose parents were out of town. A girl comes up to me that was real tall, taller than me.
Sorry, baby... When's the first time you done it with a girl who wasn't hookin'?
You still got plenty energy for me, baby.
Yeah, I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez. At that age you still got a lot of energy.
...That's an awful long way to go, just to get some pussy.
Those toenails dry yet? We got some dancin' to do.
I'd got to the far end of the world for you, baby... You know I would.
You up for that?
Sailor!
Yeah, maybe...
Maybe my mama cares for me just a little too much...
One thing puzzles my mind, sugar... You're twenty years old - aren't you ever curious why your mama has this fixation on keepin' us apart? Puttin' a detective on us. I'll tell ya Lula... Well... It's more'n me killin' Bob Ray Lemon...
We gotta be careful, honey, my mama's gonna have Johnnie Farragut on us like a duck on a june bug, and he's one clever detective? You know how clever? He once told me that he could find an honest man in Washington. My toenails gotta dry first anyways, Sailor.
Let's go dancin', peanut. I'm ready.
Yeah, I suppose. But you know somethin' baby, hair does make a difference.
There's worse things that can happen to a man, honey.
He's twenty-four now? A year older than you? And must be 'bout bald.
So?
When he was about seventeen, he startin' losin' his hair.
What's that?
Too bad we all can't, baby... One thing about Dell?
Sound like ol' Dell's more'n just a little confused, peanut... Too bad he couldn't visit that ol' Wizard of Oz and get some good advice.
The private eye cost Aunt Rootie over a thousand dollars? Then a little while later Dell ran off a third time to some place he said would "give him peace of mind." Nobody's seen him since.
It ain't so funny now, though. December before Christmas? Dell disappeared again and Aunt Rootie hired a private eye to find him. He was missin' for almost a month before he wandered back in the house on mornin' dressed in some filthy Santa Claus suit.
Prob'ly the rain boys from Outer Space.
...are followin' him around.
One time - real late - like about two thirty a.m.? She found Dell up in the black of night all dressed and makin' sandwiches in the kitchen.
Hell, peanut...
One time, Aunt Rootie caught Dell puttin' one big cockroach on his anus?
Well, like mama told me, Aunt Rootie, Dell's mama? She found cockroaches in Dell's underwear.
Actin' funny how?
Dell disappeared. Dell was learnin' a hard lesson. What I learned from observin' Dell is I think people who are frightened want to disappear. He'd startin' behavin' weird? Like comin' up to people every fifteen minutes and askin' how they were doin'?
What's that, peanut?
Oh, nothin'. I never let on to mama about Dell bein' the one. I just flat refused to tell her who the daddy was? I didn't tell Dell, neither. He was back home in Chattanooga by then, anyhow, and I didn't see the point. Somethin' terrible happened to him, though. Six months ago.
What happened to him?
It was my cousin, Dell, done it? His folks used to visit with us summers.
You tell the boy who knocked you up?
...I hope you appreciate my spendin' six hundred dollars, not countin' what it cost us to get here and back... This man's the best damn abortionist in the South.
She got me an abortion...
Musta been a lesson tellin' ya it was the wrong time... What did you do, your mama find out?
It ain't altogether terrible just to let things go along sometimes. Lula, I done a few things in my life I ain't too proud of, but I'll tell ya from now on I ain't gonna do nothin' for no good reason. All I know for sure is there's more'n a few bad ideas runnin' around loose out there.
I just think about things as they come up. I never been much of a planner.
At Pee Dee, all you think about is the future, you know? Gettin' out? And what you'll do and what you'll think about when you're on the outside again.
Oh, you know exactly what I mean, honey? It'd make the future so simple and nice.
You think of the weirdest damn things to say sometimes, peanut. Ain't we been doin' a pretty fair job this far?
Wouldn't it be fabulous if we somehow stayed in love for the rest of our lives?
Yeah?
Sailor?
Hell, why should the Datin' Game be different from real life? At least them boys is gonna get somethin' to eat.
That don't seem fair.
Gift certificates to Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Don't the reject guys get anythin'?
Twenty-three months, eighteen days is all. Don't need to make more'n it was.  This couple's goin' on a date to Hawaii. The girl chose him over the other two guys.
I'm sorry, sweetie. I forget some moments where all you been the last two years.
We didn't have no TV up at Pee Dee, baby, you know?
What's that honey?
What you have to get personal about so quick? All I mean is you could possibly read a book.
That so?  You want to tell me what, if any, real thoughts you had lately?
What you want to watch this trash for? Ain't one of those people have a real thought in their brain.
That's good... Now go get yourself a beer.  You fellas have alotta the same power Elvis had... Y'all know this one?
Hell, you just rubbed up against the wrong girl is all.
I'm always ready to dance. But I need me a kiss first, honey. Just one?
Just sounded like an old gal havin' a good time to me... You ready to dance?
That woman's laugh creeps me out. I heard somethin' like that... somewhere before... Sound'd like the wicked witch...
You okay, honey?
Sailor, that ozone layer is disappearin'. Seems to me the government could do somethin' about it. One of these mornings the sun'll come up and burn a hole clean through the planet like an X-Ray.
Here she goes again...
Uncle Pooch died in a car crash three years later while he was holidayin' in Myrtle Beach. They still got way too much traffic there for my taste... And another thing, baby... That government of ours should be keepin' us separated from outer space...
One hundred twenty decibels - head on collision of a '54 Ford Pick-Up and a '64 Chevy Station Wagon. No survivors. Balls of flame and grinding metal.
Just you. Uncle Pooch never acted strange or different after. And he never did anything else to me. I always got a nice present from him at Christmas, like a coat or jewelry?
And you never told nobody about it?
Well, sure. But he was super-gentle, you know? I mean, he raped me and all, but I guess there's all different kinds of rapes. I didn't exactly want him to do it but I suppose once it started, it didn't seem all that terrible. It was over pretty quick, and after Uncle Pooch just stood there and pulled up his trousers and left me there. I stayed in bed till I heard him drive off. Then I just went back into the kitchen and finished makin' my sandwich.
'We' did it? Whattaya mean? Didn't he force you?
He was short but powerful. With hairy arms? Anyway, he carried me into the maid's dayroom which nobody used. We did it there on an old bed.
No, he picked me up.
So how'd he finally nail you? Right there in the kitchen?
Didn't he say somethin'?
Uncle Pooch came in the side door through the porch, you know? Where I was makin' a jelly and banana sandwich? I remember I had my hair in curlers cause I was goin' that night with Vicki and Cherry Ann, the DeSoto sisters. Uncle Pooch must have known nobody but me was home, cause he came right in and put both his hands on my butt and sorta shoved me up against the counter.
Well, mama was at the Busy Bee havin' her hair dyed? And I was alone in the house.
Sorry, sugar. Go on and tell me how old Pooch done the deed.
I said you can be too crude sometimes? I don't think I care for it.
I can't hardly understand you when you talk with one of them Mores in your mouth.
You're terrible crude sometimes, Sailor, you know?
How'd it happen, peanut? He just pull out the old toad and let it croak?
That's true. Uncle Pooch wasn't really an uncle. He was a business partner of my daddy's? And my mama never knew nothin' about me and him - that's for damn sure. His real name was somethin' kind of European, like Pucinski. But everyone just called him Pooch. He came around the house sometimes when Daddy was away. I always figured he was sweet on mama, so when he cornered me one afternoon, I was surprised more'n a little.
But honey, I thought you told me your Uncle Pooch raped you when you was thirteen.
Sailor, you are somethin' else, honey... When I was fifteen, Mama told me that pretty soon I'd be startin' to think about sex, and I should talk to her before I did anything about it.
Grandmama Pace had a long, smooth white neck. It was like on a statue it was so white?
You have such a pretty, long neck, like a swan.
Started he couldn't remember things? Got real violent? Mama kept tellin' me it was on account of lead poisoning from cleanin' the old paint off our house without usin' a mask... But I don't know. Seems like his brain just fell apart in pieces.
In a fire, as I recall.
You remind me of my daddy, you know? Mama told me he liked skinny women whose breasts were just a bit too big for their bodies. He had a long nose, too, like theirs. Did I ever tell you how he died?
You're perfect for me, too.
Hell, peanut, you stuck with me after I planted Bob Ray Lemon. A man can't ask for more than that.
I'd stand by you, Sailor... through anything.
It's okay. I hardly used to see them anyway. I didn't have much parental guiding. The public defender kept sayin' that at my parole hearin'. He was a good ol' boy, stood by me... Even brought me some cartons of cigarettes from time to time.
Gee, Sailor. I'm sorry, honey. I never would have guessed it.
Camels, same as me... Guess both my mama and my daddy died of smoke or alcohol related illness.
What brand'd she smoke?
I guess I started smokin' when I was about six... My mama was already dead from lung cancer...
Well, I was thinkin' about smokin' actually... My mama smokes Marlboros now, used to be she smoked Kools? I stole 'em from her beginnin' in about sixth grade. When I got old enough to buy my own, I bought those. Now I've just about settled on Mores, as you probably noticed? They're longer.
I really did miss your mind while I was out at Pee Dee, honey. The rest of you, too, of course. But the way your head works is God's own private mystery. What was it you was thinkin'?
Did you ever think somethin' like about the wicked witch of the east comin' flyin' in?... Did you ever think somethin' and then later think you've said it out loud to someone?
Stab it and steer.
'Bout fifty thousand times. I got us a room at the Cape Fear, and guess what?... I hear Powermad's at "The Hurricane."
Hey, my snakeskin jacket... Thanks, baby... Did I ever tell you that this here jacket for me is a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom?
Peanut...
Hey baby...
HOLY SHIT!! IT'S THE NIGHT OF THE LIVIN' FUCKIN' DEAD!!!!
In the Ganges near Varanasi to try and reduce human pollution and now plan to put in the crocodiles to devour floatin' corpses dumped by Hindus too poor to pay for cremation.
The Indian official who supplied this information did so only on condition of anonymity. The Uttar Pradesh state authorities last October released five hundred turtles...
Damn!
The reptiles were supposed to be of a docile species, said a senior government official, but it seems the breeders bungled and reared attack crocodiles.
In international news, India plans to release crocodiles in the Ganges, the holy Hindu river in which millions of people bathe annually, to scavenge for corpses, authorities said.
I'll bet.
...live in exchange for sexual favors. Police said they have identified and questioned at least four girls, all Asians twelve to fifteen years old, who have been living in the North Houston warehouse with a Vietnamese pimp since February. The girls are being treated as victims, said police Sergeant Amos Milburn. 'These are really just children,' he said, 'but they've been exposed to a lot already.
Mama... if you get in the way of me and Sailor's happiness, I'll fuckin' pull your arms out by the roots.
What if I told you not to?
Wouldn't make any difference.
What if I asked you not to?
Really, mama, I gotta go.
Don't mean him. It's Pace concerns me.
Sailor ain't a boy no more, mama.
Well, you be careful with that boy, Lula.
Figure we'll go have supper someplace. Maybe get some barbecue out by Stateline. Sailor always liked that Havana Brown's Pig Pickin'.
Got any plans?
Six.
What time's Sailor's train get in?
Course I am, mama.
You ain't takin' Pace, though.
I'm goin', mama. No way I can't go.
Mama, Sailor's in deep trouble here. I just can't leave him.
You're comin' home, precious. Santos' gonna drive us to the San Antonio airport.
Don't be crazy, mama. Take care of yourself.
Call me again soon? I'll be waitin' by the phone.
I am all right, mama. That's why I called, to let you know. I gotta go.
Lula? I love you, baby. I just want you to be all right.
I ain't that dumb, mama. Sailor and I been on a crime spree? Knockin' off convenience stores all across the south? Ain't you read about it?
No, baby, don't! Can I send you somethin'? You runnin' low on money? I'll wire you some money if you tell me where you are.
Mama, I'm hangin' up this phone now.
Argentina! Lula, you're outta your mind. Now you just tell me where you are and I'll come for you. I won't say nothin' to the police about Sailor, I promise. He can do what he wants, I don't care.
No, mama, I'm in Mexico, and we're about to get on an airplane to Argentina!
Did you run into Johnnie in New Orleans? Lula, are you in New Orleans?
Right?! Mama, was it right for you to sic Johnnie Farragut on us? How could you do that?
Really, Lula, this ain't right!
Just a place.
You in a dance hall or somethin'? I can hear music behind you.
Need me for what, mama? I'm perfectly fine, and safe, too.
Are you comin' back here soon, Lula? I need you here.
If you mean Sailor, mama, yes I am.
Why, how could I not worry? Not knowin' what's happenin' to you or where you are? Are you with that boy?
I'm fine, mama. I just wanted to tell you not to worry.
Like hell.
You know who it was and you know you aren't, and I mean ARE NOT gonna see him EVER... End of story.
Mama???
And jus when my baby's out on some Texas road with a killer.
I'm sure I wouldn't know, ma'am... and buffalo hunting too... hmmmmm?
Oh God! What does that mean?
HELL NO!!! That's the last thing we need... A buncha cops runnin' around.
Perhaps we should call a local law enforcement officer.
I don't understand this... I don't understand this one bit. He was supposed to meet me right her in this lobby. Somethin' bad has happened - I jus know it.
I'm afraid his car is gone, Mrs. Fortune.
Please Santos... Where's Johnnie?
Got word the kids are moving through Texas... I think an ending is being arranged there... Come on, lemme see a smile.
Where we goin'?
Hey... Stop the nervous cry-baby routine... You're my girl now... Santos is gonna wipe away those tears and make you happy... Come on, let's get outta here.
Santos... What's happenin' here?
Shhhhhh...  Thank you, gentlemen... I'll look after her now...
Santos... Where's J-J-Johnnie?
My very best to Johnnie... Bless his soul.
No...
I got your message... But you went right to Johnnie, didn't you?... I can't trust you, bitch - not for one minute... Naughty girl... Sailor and Lula are headed west, and guess what? There's no turning back. I'm in a killing mood.
Santos... You kill that Sailor, otherwise he's gonna turn my baby against me.
That's just another part of the price to pay.
Someone's gonna see us.
You got nice tits.
Put your shoulders back, I said.
What?
Put your shoulders back.
You fucker, don't you ever touch Lula - You fucker, I'll kill you.
Shhhh... It's all right... Also, I either take you or that pretty daughter of yours to bed.
Santos... I can't...
I'm gonna take your silence as a "yes"...
One day he's gonna find out what we're up to with Mr. Reindeer, and he could cause us a lot of trouble.
No... But...
You're not tellin' me that you're sweet on him?
Santos... No... Please, Santos...
You give me your permission to kill Johnnie Farragut.
On one condition...
Maybe I did... Try New Orleans first... Lula can't ever stop talkin' 'bout that town.
Why didn't you send Johnnie Farragut?
See! I knew you had it all under control.
Wrong! It's much better to blow a hole in the back of the head... right toward the bridge of the nose... Lots and lots of irreparable damage.
Yes.
Through the forehead?
Yes.
You want me to shoot Sailor in the brains with a gun.
No... In the brains... What little I'm sure he has.
But where in the head? Not the chin, I hope.
Yes.
Shoot Sailor in the head with a gun... Now I'm beginning to get it... You want me to shoot Sailor in the head with a gun.
In the head.
Where?
No.
Where? In the leg?
Yes.
Shoot him? Like with a gun?
Shoot him.
Explain it... I told you.
Santos...
Well, like kill him with the atomic bomb?
NO... For God's sakes, Santos!
Like an accident where maybe Lula might also get hurt?
That's your business... I don't care how.
Simple? Kill him? How?
All right... I want you... to... kill... Sailor... As simple as that.
You need to explain it.
I don't need to explain anymore'n I have... You know damn well.
Just tell me what you want.
Santos, why in hell do you insist on playin' this stupid game?
How would I do that? Send him on a trip - like maybe to Hawaii?
Yes... Get rid of him.
Get rid of him?
I want you to get rid of Sailor.
Big is the key word, and I'm telling you I want it bad.
What's with you? You know what take care of him means. I don't call Santos except for one big reason.
What does take care of him mean? Do you want me to give him food or some clothing?
Yes.
Take care of him?
I want you to take care of Sailor, so he won't ever be able to bother my baby again.
What do you want me to do about it?
Lula's gone off with Sailor.
Have it your way... But you want it.
Santos... It isn't.
Oh yeah - sure... okay.
That's not why I called.
I knew you'd want it again...
It's a prob'lm I don't think's gonna go away too soon though... Peanut, I'm thinkin' of breakin' parole and takin' you out to sunny California.
Oh, don't worry 'bout that...
You're gonna have to kill me to keep me away from Lula.
So maybe one night you got a little too close to the fire... And you're gonna get burned, baby... And besides that, you're shit... D'you think I'd let my little girl go with shit like you?... Why, you belong right here in one of these toilets.
So?
Well, Johnnie told me you used to drive for Clyde and Santos...
Whattya mean?
No... I just wanted to kiss you good- bye... You know too much 'bout little Lula's mom...
Well, she wants to fuck you.
No.
Hey, Sailor boy, you wanna fuck Lula's mama?...
...Yes you heard me... Don't ever call back here again.
What?...
There's no way in hell you can speak to her and...
...Sailor Ripley... Can I talk to Lula?
Thanks...
I ain't heard of nothin'.
Well?...
I know... I remember.
Is there a contract?... We made a deal once that we'd tip each other off if we ever heard.
Yeah... But I did... And I told you all about it...
I didn't see nothin'...
Does that girlfriend of yours know that her mama and Santos killed her daddy?  Does she know her own daddy was one of the biggest drug dealers around - till he started snortin' the shit himself?...  Does she know you was around that night her daddy was set fire to?
Life is unpredictable.
You really are one dumb asshole.
You heard right.
Heard you was goin' out with that bitch's daughter.
I think Santos or Marietta Fortune.
By who?
Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me. I really need to know.
Sure... I figured I'd see you sometime...
Just passin' through on my way to who knows where...
Oh... Look at this... What do you want, snakeskin?
Yeah, but you gotta know what it's about, right? I mean, if you didn't know what it was about, why were you writing it?
What he means is, it's difficult to distill the essence of a book sometimes. It lives in the mind.
He was trying to steal my car!
Excuse me. Did you, or did you not, have a gun to his head?
Hey, pal, you don't start doing crazy eights in the middle of the street none of this happens.
That's pretty simplistic, don't you think?
I'll tell you the problem. You behind the wheel. There's your fucking problem.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Ah, right. Well, I gave you my opinion.
It's the Chancellor.
He's right, you look horrible.
No offense, Professor Tripp, but you look sorta crappy.
So I hear.
You snore.
Yeah. Like in Against All Flags. Only they use a couple big hams.
Hhhuh. So we decoy her. Stick a couple pillows and one of your teddy bears under the spread and she won't know the difference.
Oh, well, that's just it. She's been coming down here, every half hour or so, to, sort of, check on me. If I'm not here, she might... call the police or... something.
He's great. Come on, let's blow before lo' Gran decides to boil your bones for breakfast.
You all right, Professor Tripp?
The candelabras were my Gran's.
I like what you've done with it. When's Captain Nemo moving in?
We're springing you, Leer. Get some pants on.
Hey. What are you guys doing here?
We're going to the men's room. Only we might not make it in time.
He's fine. He's narrating.
Oh, don't be silly. No one your age just wants to go home. Besides, faculty will be present. Just think of it as a field trip.
Actually... I just want to go home.
Fascinating. Listen, why don't you come out with us after the lecture. There's a place on the Hill I always get Trip to take me.
That's just how my brain works, I guess.
I peeked.
You peeked, didn't you?
Gee, I don't know, Crabs...  Improvise. You're good at that.
Me? What can I do?
That's very enlightened, Professor. It's comforting to know that America's children have you for a teacher.
No. But I don't think that matters.
Do you know he won't expel him?
Walter Gaskell isn't going to send James Leer to jail, Crabs. I know that.
Ah. Well. Congratulations. Meanwhile, what is James supposed to do? Pray for Walter Gaskell to come to his?
Came to my senses.
Oh, right. Oola. About that jacket...
The jacket, Tripp. We need the jacket.
I don't think so. In my experience, signs are usually a lot more subtle.
In a sense.
Kind of a sign, you're saying.
Bad examples. Look, Tripp, I don't want to depreciate the loss here, but perhaps -- in a sense -- this --  is for the best.
He was never able to reproduce them.
Or Hemingway, when Hadley lost all those stories.
That was MacCaulay.
You'll be all right then. Look at Carlyle, when he lost his luggage.
I have an alternate version of the first chapter.
Naturally you have copies.
Call it a hunch.
Christ, Tripp. How did you know?
No wonder he screwed us over.
There's only one problem, Tripp. We don't know his real name. We just made it up. In fact, we made the whole guy up.
...we find the jacket.
Uh huh. So. We find Vernon, we find the car. We find the car...
'That's my car, motherfucker.'
Such as.
He said a few things that lead me to believe the car's his.
The hood jumper?
My guess -- Vernon Hardapple.
So whose car is it?
Only now I'm starting to think the car wasn't exactly Jerry's to give.
Let me get this straight. Jerry Nathan owes you money. So, as collateral, he gives you his car.
Don't touch it.
Want some help with that?
It seems to me that girl would let you borrow her pancreas.
First I see if Hannah will let me borrow her car.
Oh! Huh. Exactly how do we do that?
Find the jacket.
So -- what do we do now?
Great. Between you and Officer Pupcik out there he can be the next Jean Genet. It's been awhile since somebody wrote a good book in jail.
I want to publish this. I've got to. I think they'll let me. With a little editorial guidance it could be brilliant.
Evidently.  Coming!
The Chancellor's here? Now?
Who do you think it is?
There is no problem. Did I say there was a problem?
So what's the problem?
Shut up, James.
Nevertheless. There's a police officer standing on the porch and I don't think he's going away.
I'm afraid he's pretty worn out, poor kid.
Is he awake?
Ye-es?
Crabtree.
The truth. I know that's always been real important to you. Okay, check this out...
It's just ail that crap he spins out. Just once I'd like to know if the little bastard is telling the truth.
Oh, come on, Tripp. Cut the kid some slack.
So sensitive.
So modest.
Hey, I heard all about it -- the parents, the grandparents, the China town thing -- and I believe you, okay? That's why we're here. Now go get dressed.
Oh, Christ, don't start on ol' Gran or we'll leave you here.
I told you. They keep him chained in the basement. Come on.
Jesus. There must be two dozen windows on that thing. How are we supposed to find his?
Plenty, I'm sure. But, for what it's worth...
What's to tell?
So tell me about you and the Chancellor.
Competence.
Which is?
Bad enough. And God knows I don't exactly fit the new corporate profile.
How bad is it for you?
Only in your bones?
I've been doing this a long time, Tripp. I feel this kid in my bones.
Love. It's Love Parade -- and what do you mean 'based on what you've read'? You skimmed two chapters at 80 miles an hour while gargling methamphetamines.
You know -- based on what I've read -- this is a very exciting piece of material, this Big Parade.
Maybe... I don't know.
Is it a little late to call the Chancellor?
It's a little late to call Admissions.
Ah. Wait a minute. The university must know where he lives.
Good idea, Crabs. Only one problem. I don't know where they live.
Good God. Let's go rescue him.
His parents.
Kidnapped? By who?
Nothing, he's just been sort of, I don't know... kidnapped.
James? My James? What's happened?
Think, Hannah. Does James have any friends. I mean, besides you and... me?
Sometimes we have to improvise.
Gee, I don't know, Crabs. I don't seem to remember you actually asking me if you could invite 200 people over to trash my living room.
Honestly, Tripp. Do you actually think I would sneak in here and read your book without asking you?
What? Ohhhh. Is that... it?
You stay there.
Tripp, where the hell...
Listen, Hannah, I'm flattered, really, but right now I --
Shit.
Tripp?!
Where would we go?
Wait here. I'll be right back.
Back up. Go out the other way.
Shit.
Just go around him.
What's this guy's problem?
Hit your brakes.
Yes.
Tripp.
Christ, Crabs, what do you expect me to do? The kid's practically in a coma.
He heard everything we were saying.
That was good.
Because... because...
Groom. Named Claudell. And his mother blames Vernon for his death.
And he had a younger brother who... was... a...
He lives with his mother.
He can't piss standing up anymore.
And now he's addicted to painkillers.
Vernon, then. Vernon Hardapple. The scar's are from a -- from a horse. He fell during a race and got trampled.
Not Curtis.
Huh uh. A jockey. His name's, um, Curtis... Curtis Hardapple.
He's a boxer. A flyweight.
Shut up and drink.
No sexual confusion there, eh, Professor?
On the contrary, it could be just the ticket.
I think it's more complicated than that. Besides, he's a little... scattered. He almost... did something stupid tonight. At least, I think so. Anyway, he doesn't need sexual confusion thrown into the stew right now.
He is. Take my word for it.
Come on. Crabs. Don't do this. He's one of my students, for Christ sake. I'm not even sure if he's --
Well, I'm going to read it anyway.
No. Not yet he isn't.
So. Is he any good?
He finished it Winter Break.
I know. He started it Fall semester.
He has a book.
Sara and Walter declined. Guess they wanted to go home and curl up on the couch with the dog.
I'm sure. Where is everyone?
Primarily. Although I gather you two staged a little raid on the Crabtree pharmacopoeia. You missed a few bottles, by the way.
Is that just beer?
Oh, I'm sure you'll find another. You always do.
Piss off, Crabs. I lost a wife today.
I thought you were Mrs. Gaskell's hobby, Tripp.
But. ...why didn't you say something, Tripp? I mean, what are we doing here?
This morning. I found a note in the kitchen.
Left you...? Who? Emily?
She left me. Crabs.
Trip??
Yeah, between a bookie and a pair of broken legs.
He said something about being between things.
He owes God money. You know, he queered himself for good with Esquire.
It was Jerry Nathan's. He owed me money.
You didn't actually purchase this car, did you. Trip??
Forget I asked. I don't want to pressure you, Tripp. But...  ...I get pressure. Know what I mean?
I just mean...
I thought you were tinkering.
I don't know. I'm sort of at a critical... juncture.
Great. I was hoping I could get a look at it sometime this weekend. Think that might be possible?
It's fine. It's done. Basically. I'm just sort of... tinkering with it.
Isn't she?
Mm.
She's still a transvestite.
You're stoned.
She's a transvestite.
If it can produce a Miss Sloviak you'll get no argument from me.
Lay off Pittsburgh. It's one of the great cities.
Do you know how many times I've boarded an airplane praying someone like her would sit down beside me? Particularly while I'm on my way to Pittsburgh.
Perfect. Well then, shall we?
Oh. We're picking her up. Downtown.
Your wife.
Emily?
I sweat blood for five years and he checks for spelling.
I was explaining to Antonia how a book comes to be published. What you do as a writer, what I do as an editor...
Brimming. Say hello to my new friend, Miss Antonia... uh...
How are you, Crabtree?
Tripp!
Hey, Jeff. If you're really interested in discussing that business with the tango, try the guy at the end of the hall.
I'll be... somewhere else.
I just want you to know that's why I dropped your class and said all that shit about the university stealing my money and you being a pseudo- Faulknerian nobody.
It's cool, Jeff. Really.
I mean, I was breaking up with this girl at the time and my car was ail fucked up and -- well -- I was pretty bent in general.
No...
Oh, Professor Tripp? You know, last semester, what I said that time in office hours -- I hope there's no hard feelings.
Don't sweat it. Well. 'Night, Jeff.
Jeff. Sorry. I didn't even know this was your house until about an hour ago.
How are you -- is it Joe?
Bullshit.
You must be mistaken.
Bullshit. It's mine, motherfucker.
It's mine.
This 1966 maroon Ford Galaxie 500. You driving this car?
Excuse me?
You driving this car?
I have to see her. As soon as possible.
No. There's no one here.
So is my friend... is Sara still here?
Better luck next time.
They're anxiety attacks? That's a little disappointing.
Look, Mr. Tripp. You have a drug problem, all right? On top of that, you have a bite on your ankle that is severely infected. We pumped you with antibiotics so you'll be fine, but another day or two and you might have lost the foot. As for your spells. I'm guessing they're a result of the anxiety you've been experiencing lately.
Actually, it was her husband's dog...
Her dog, yes.
She told you about...
You need to see a doctor, Mr. Tripp. An internist. And I think you really ought to consider seeing a therapist, as well.
I know.
I spoke with the woman who saved your life. You're lucky she came along when she did.
Is that in my chart?
And your wife left you.
I've been trying to finish a book...
That's probably not the problem, then. What about your lifestyle. Any major changes recently?
Spiro T. Agnew was vice president, I believe.
How long have you been smoking marijuana?
The last month maybe.
How long have you been having them?
Do you think that's why I've been having these...  ...spells?
So I hear. You've also been smoking a lot of marijuana, I understand.
I've been doing that a lot lately.
You did.
I passed out.
Stop calling me Vernon.
Sure.
No sweat. Only do me a favor?
Right. Well, thanks. For the lift.
As long as it looks like her, I don't care. You know what I'm saying?
Boy or girl?
Shoot.
Hey, Vernon. Can I ask you a question?
And you're saying it's some kind of sign? What the fuck's the matter with you?
'Fraid so.
Let me get this straight. All that paper that went into the river. That was the only copy?
A Manhattan book editor murdering a Mormon girl's clutch.
Who the hell is that?
No, really...
Bullshit. I know a gun when I see one. And that's a gun.
It's just a souvenir. They don't even make the caps anymore.
Shut up.  Cupcake. Please. Inside.
Not true. You're the only Vernon I know. Actually, I'm wrong. I once knew a Vernon Peabody at Penguin U.K.
Relax, Vernon...
You've got a gun, motherfucker. Drop it!
Who's got a gun?
Move away, cupcake. He's got a gun.
Vernon.
How you choose to live your own life is your business. But you be careful with that boy, Grady. With James. He belongs to somebody else.
Yea?
Trust me, I understand. I just want to say something to you, Grady.
No. Sara, you don't understand...
Goodbye, Grady.
Are you there to not reconcile with her?
...reconcile with Emily.
Just what? Doing a little dusting?
What? No. There's no one here. I'm just... just...
With Emily?
Yes. But that's not why I called...
You're in Kinship?
I'm in Kinship. Listen, Sara, there's some things we need to talk about...
Where are you, Grady? An elevator?
Sara? Hi. It's Grady.
Could you hold on a minute, honey?
Grady, it's Sara. Thank God you're there. You won't believe what's happened.
Hello?
Even if I end up going to jail....
Yes, James.
Professor Tripp...?
Well, let's see if we can keep that from happening.
Don't be. I don't care if they expel me. I probably should be expelled.
I'm a little worried, James.
I'm not worried. You're not worried, are you. Professor Tripp?
Don't worry, James, I'll figure something out.
It's Walter's dog and yes, she does know. But let's spare her the details. Come on, your shoes are in the hail.
Does she mean -- does she know about... her dog?
I'm fine, right. Fit as a fucking fiddle.
And we both thank you for that, but we're... we're... fine.
Ah, wear whatever you want.
Can I -- I mean -- do you mind -- if I wear this again. Professor Tripp?
In the crawl space, with the rats and the casks of Amontillado. Come on. Up.
That's why she hates me. That's why she makes me sleep in the basement.
Get out of here.
I'm sorry about all that. I just -- I don't like to talk about my family. They treat me like a freak.  She makes me sleep in the basement of my own house. It's mine. My parents left it to me.
Near Carvel?
Six. Their plane went down right outside Scranton.
I remember that. Five or six years ago.
Parents? They're not my parents. They're my grandparents. My parents are dead.
James, like it or not, they're your parents.
I'm not going, with them.
James. Listen. Things -- things are a little weird with me right now and I -- well --I have enough blame to shoulder these days without having to take the blame if something bad happened to you. And if you hang around me long enough, something bad is going to happen, trust me. That's why I need you to go home. Understand?
I'm not going with them.
Nowhere. You just sit here and... eat.
Where you going?
Okay.
You just worry about yourself, James. Okay?
When nobody's looking.
When?
I eat.
It's because you don't eat.
I don't know... 'Episodes.'
What would you call them then?
Spells? Jesus, James, you make it sound like we're in a Tennessee Williams play. I don't have spells.
That's why you're having them. Your spells.
No thanks.
Want a bite?
In a minute. Get us a table.
You coming?
Arsonist's Daughter meant something.
Let me spell it out for you, James. Books don't mean anything. Not to anybody. Not anymore.
And don't be so goddamn sensitive. Who cares what anybody thinks anyway? You want to be a good writer? You want to be a great writer? Then stop giving a damn what other people think. Most of them haven't thought in years.
I'm sorry.
Who cares what I said last night, James I -- I was drunk, I was stoned. I'd been bitten by a dog. My wife had left me. How 'bout cutting me some slack?
But, last night...
Shut up, James. You're annoying. Carrie and Howard don't know what the fuck they're talking about, okay? The entire class combined -- including the lovely Hannah Green -- has about one tenth of one percent the talent you have, okay?
It's okay, Professor Tripp. Carrie, Howard, the others -- they're right. My stories are annoying. They go on and on and on, and the longer they go on the more annoying they become, until finally you just want to grab something heavy and --
I didn't mean it that way.
Yes you did. Last night. To your friend Crabtree. "Is he any good?" he said. And you said: "Not yet he isn't." I heard you myself.
I never said that.
Yes you are. My stuff stinks. I know it. You said so yourself.
The hell I am.
You're lying.
Not you. Your talent.
Jealous? Of me?
Because you act like a goddamn spook all the time. Not to mention the fact that every last one of them is jealous of you.
Because of my coat?
That's why they all give you such a hard time in workshop.
James, fall semester, first day of class, it was 95 degrees and you were wearing the coat.
It's warm.
I don't know, James. I don't know why I do half the things I do. Who does?  Why do you wear that coat?
So, why did you take me up there?
Thanks for the halo, James, but I've never done that much thinking ahead in my life -- ever.
Sure you do. You were thinking: 'That's no cap gun in that kid's overcoat.' You were thinking 'I can't let that kid get on the bus alone -- he might never get on the bus again.' You were thinking: 'I've got to find a way to distract this kid.' So you did. It was -- in its way -- a noble act.
Okay, James, I wish you hadn't shot my girlfriend's dog. Even though Poe and I weren't exactly what you'd call simpatico, that's no reason for him to take two in the chest. Still, the fact remains that I'm the one who took you up into the Chancellor's bedroom. I'm the one who has to take the blame. I don't know what the hell I was thinking.
It wasn't her dog. It's her husband's --  Who said anything about girlfriend?
You're mad because I shot your girlfriend's dog.
What?
You're mad at me, aren't you?
Jesus...  Look, James, you appear to possess -- like many an aspiring writer before you, by the way -- a rather ardent affinity for the stuff of which dreams are made. However, I think it's best if, for the moment at least  ...we abstain.
Probably about the time you gave me the codeine pills last night.
I just wanted a little sip? Tell me, James, exactly what point was it that you turned into Serpent Boy?
I just wanted a little sip.
I know. It's the house you want to wake up in on Christmas morning.  Make yourself at home. I'll be right back.
It feels really... good... here.
Oh. Right. Well, let's try not to think about that.
It's not that. It just reminded me of -- you know -- of what's in the car. In the trunk.
Relax. Emily hasn't carried a house key since she was twelve years old. And your hips are as slim as hers.
She came here. We'll just wait. In the meantime, I need you to shimmy through.
Maybe she didn't come here.
Smoke the rest of that joint, James, and you can start on the box.
Want one. They're incredible. Incredible.
You can see the outline of a butt.
How can you tell?
Someone jumped on your car with their butt...
That's right. That one.
The one that left you?
Unless I miss my bet... my wife.
Kinship. And what's here?
Kinship.
This is so nice. It's like where Andy Hardy would live. What's it called again?
Maybe I just needed the moment to present itself.
I thought you were the guy who didn't like to lose control of his emotions.
Amazing.
When we fall, we fall hard.
Didn't you say your Mom went to Catholic school?
I'm telling you what I was told by my uncle. And he should know. He ran half a dozen men's clubs in Baltimore before he skipped town on a bad debt.
James Leer, are you telling me your mother was a stripper?
Whatever kind they wanted her to be.
What kind of dancer?
Seitz Plastics. That's where he met my mom. She was a fry cook in the cafeteria. Before that, she'd been a dancer.
Your father worked in a mannequin factory?
It's a hellhole. Three motels and a mannequin factory. My dad worked there for thirty-five years.
I never heard of it.
Outside Scranton.
Carvel? Where's Carvel?
Carvel.
Where's that?
It's a bit of a scandal. My parents live in a small town.
Jesus, James. Wow.
Colon cancer.
Glaucoma?
It's my father. He gets it from his doctor.
Maybe...
Humboldt County?
Your aunt?
I've got a thing about, places like this. I know what those houses are like. I know what the people are like.
No.
Don't be proud, James. We're in Sewickley Heights. We could find you a nice golf course to barf on.
Yeah, well, actually...
She seemed to take it pretty well.
Shit, James, you're hungover. What do you think's the matter with you?
I can't help myself. I don't know what's the matter with me.
Hm.
Isn't this...?
I don't know...  Me.
Who?
Jesus, James, you should've told someone.
A couple weeks. That's why... that's why I had the gun. For protection.
But James. I mean... How long?
It's not so bad. I know the night janitor. And there's a broken locker I can put my stuff.
The bus station.
So where have you been staying?
There is, but it's not that interesting.
I guess there's probably a story behind that.
I got kicked out. Well, not exactly kicked out. I was asked to leave.
Well done, James.
How's that?
Well, James, you did shoot the Head of the English Department's dog and steal his most prized piece of memorabilia.
And... and before that. Did I do anything? Anything bad?
No one seems to know where you live, James. Hannah thought you'd like my couch.
How did I get here last night?
Hm.
Professor Tripp?
Ah. I don't believe in writer's block.
Blocked.
Washed up?
Nothing, it's just that, well, it's been awhile since Arsonist's Daughter, and some people -- some of the kids in workshop -- thought maybe you were...
But... ?
Wow, Hannah always swore you were working, but --
I think it's sort of writing itself at this point.
That's a big book you're writing.
Afraid so.
I thought maybe you'd won a radio contest or something. Is that single- spaced?
Good, James. If the Zodiac killer calls, be sure to mention the back door pops open with a couple hard shakes to the right.
Yes.
What'd you tell him?
He wanted to know if a Grady Tripp lived here and drove a dark maroon 1966 Ford Galaxie 500 with black interior.
What'd he say?
The guy on the phone.
Who?
He didn't give his name.
Sure.
Want me to get that?
There is, but it's not that interesting.
I guess there's probably a story behind that.
Huh? Oh, no. This isn't Emily's. I just write in it.
I thought you might -- I don't know -- swallow your tongue or something.  I guess you really miss her, huh?
Oh.
I put you on the floor.
I'm okay. I just lost my balance.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Mmrrmmm... KNAP SAP!
Shit. He must've left it back at Thaw. In the auditorium.
What's he saying?
Mmhmmm... knap... sap...
Is he all right?
This is so embarrassing! You guys had to carry me out.
Right. That's why you were standing in the Chancellor's back yard twirling that little cap gun of yours tonight. You're fine, all right, you're fit as a fucking fiddle.
No thanks. I'm fine without them.
Looks like... our old friend Mr. Codeine. That should take the pinch out of my ankle.  Have one.
Most of the time he is, James. Some of the time he isn't. Now what do we have here?
Oh. So. Is -- is your friend Crabtree -- is he -- gay?
She is. Ah. Here we go...
Can I ask you something about her?
Miss Sloviak's.
Whose tuba is that anyway?
That's just what they used to say in the ads. Come on, Crabtree, I know you're holding...
That's a big trunk. It fits a tuba, a suitcase, a dead dog, and a garment bag almost perfectly.
I've got tenure.
Does she want to hear it was one of her professors?
Trust me, James, when the family pet's been assassinated, the owner doesn't want to hear one of her students was the triggerman.
You?
I don't know. I'm still trying to figure out how to tell the Chancellor I murdered her husband's dog.
What are we going to do with...
Yea, James.
Professor Tripp? Can I ask you a question?
He's dead, James. Believe me, I know a dead dog when I see one.
Do you have a mirror? It's the best way to see if someone's breathing.
Okay, okay. Take it easy. Don't freak out on me.
No! He was crazy. I didn't -- he looked -- I thought --
Couldn't you've just pulled him off me?
I had to. Didn't I?
Shit, James. You shot Dr. Gaskell's dog.
Yes. Well. It's complicated, James. I think we should go now.
You mean, with your wife leaving you and all?  Hannah mentioned something about it. About a note.
Maybe. I'm feeling a little sad myself tonight.
I'm sorry. Professor Tripp. Maybe it's seeing that jacket that belonged to her. It just looks... really lonely. Hanging there. In a closet. Maybe I'm just a little sad.
Right.
I guess you must be, if you know the combination to his closet and he doesn't mind your being here in their bedroom like this.
Pretty good. I'm friends with Dr. Gaskell, too.
You're really good friends with the Chancellor, aren't you?
I guess. Walter never tells Sara the truth about how much he pays for these things.
It's feels unreal, like butterfly wings or... something. It must've cost Dr. Gaskell a lot.
Like the lady herself.
They're glass. The buttons.
Really.
Really?
Go ahead.
So I'm told.
The one she wore on her wedding day?
That's really it.
Is that really it?
This is worth it.
I'll miss my bus.
James.  Don't leave just yet. There's something I think you ought to see.
I saw a movie once. Part of it took place in heaven. Everyone wore white and lived in crystal houses. Like that. At least that's the way I remember it...
Heaven?
Actually, I saw the greenhouse. So I thought... I thought I'd come out here and take a look at it. You don't see one of those every day. It looks like heaven...
You're right.
It's colder in there.
So what are you doing out here?
A little.
You cold, James?
I have trouble sleeping. While I'm lying in bed I figure them out. The stories.
Really? That's remarkable.
It doesn't matter. It only took me an hour to write.
Well...
They really hated it. I think they hated it more than any of the other ones.
Listen, James, about this afternoon. In workshop. I'm sorry. I think I let things get a bit out of control.
It's not bad.
Sounds like a good one.
So did Gene Tierney. She's in it too.
She went crazy, Frances Farmer.
Huh? Oh. Son of Fury. With Tyrone Power and Frances Farmer.
You're not like my other students, James. So what was the movie you two saw?
You're not like my other teachers, Professor Tripp.
Maybe it's because she's beautiful and she knows it and try as she might to not let that screw her up, it's inevitable that it will in some way.
She likes old movies like I do, that's all.  Besides, she doesn't really know me. She thinks she does, but she doesn't. Maybe it's because she's Mormon and I'm Catholic.
Relax, James. I'm not her father. I just rent her a room.
No! What gave you that idea?
Are you and Hannah seeing each other, James?
...You carry firearms.
It's just... for good luck. Some people carry rabbits' feet...
It used to shoot these little paper caps, but they don't make them anymore. The caps.
It's very convincing.
It was my mother's. She won it in a penny arcade in Baltimore when she was in Catholic school.
Uh huh. Well, thanks for the thought, but, as shocking as this may sound, I'm not the first writer to sip a little weed. And furthermore, it might interest you to know that one book I wrote, as you say, 'under the influence,' happened to win a little something called the PEN award which, by the way, I accepted 'under the influence.'
It's just that, you know, I was thinking about how, in class, you're always telling us 'that writers make choices -- at least the good ones. And, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying the book isn't really great -- I mean, really great -- but at times it's, well, very detailed, you know, with the genealogies of everyone's horses and all the dental records and so on -- and I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but it sort of reads, in places, like, well, actually, like...  ...you didn't make any choices at all. And I was wondering if it might not be different if, maybe, when you wrote, you weren't always... under the influence.
No, it's not that, it's...
That good, huh?
I uh, I didn't finish, I... fell asleep.
Sure. The keys are on the dresser next to... to your book.
Right. Anyway, I was wondering if I could borrow your car. Mine's sort of out of commission.
It beats 'What's your major?'
He cribbed that from Borges.
I don't know, Grady. I just dropped him on a corner.
But where? I need the street.
I told you, Sewickly Heights.
The aunt, Hannah. Where did you take James that day?
Who does?
Crabtree? He doesn't even know James.
Crabtree said it sounded like something James would be messed up in.
Jesus.
At first the police thought he just ran away, but this afternoon Dr. Gaskell found some blood spots on the carpet --
Actually, He's not the Chancellor's -- What?
He shot the Chancellor's dog, didn't he? The blind one.
Listen, Hannah. You don't remember where that aunt worked, do you? James' aunt.
I don't know -- maybe -- I don't think so.
No, it's okay. I just can't believe I left it out in the open like that. Crabtree hasn't been in here, has he? Poking around?
I know I shouldn't have, but there it was, just sort of lying out, and I couldn't resist and -- and -- I suck.
Grady!
Hey.
Oh. Well. I...
I thought we were going to talk. Last night.
I don't think it really matters, Hannah. We could probably stand him up in the garage with the snow shovels at this point.
The one in your office? It's the best one for naps.
All right. Take him to my place. He can crash on the sofa.
Hh-uh. Last time I saw it was...
His bag. You know that ratty green thing he's always carrying around. He must've left it inside.
James is odd. I know he has an aunt in Sewickley Heights. I dropped him there once, but...  Come to think of it, it wasn't even his Aunt's house. He said she worked there. Or something. I don't remember.
That strikes me as odd.
Some apartment somewhere. But I've never seen it.
Hannah, are you telling me you don't know where James Leer lives?
I would if I knew where I was taking him.
Look, Hannah. When you get him home... make sure he's all right. Before you leave. Okay?
I just mean, I -- I guess Emily isn't going to be there when you get home.
Do?
So what are you going to do?
I hope that isn't true. We need all the downy innocents we can get.
And I love the inscription you wrote to me. Only I'm not quite the downy innocent you think I am.
I thank you.
I've been re-reading Arsonist's Daughter. It's so beautiful, Grady. So natural. It's like all your sentences always existed, just waiting around in Style Heaven, or wherever, for you to fetch them down.
James'll know about George Sanders.
James. This is my editor, Terry Crabtree.
The answer's yes. I think. Yes. I don't know. Where are they exactly?
Ail right. By the way, his friend...?
He's going with me. You take Crabtree. And his friend. All right?
Just checking.
Me? Sure. Why?
I think so... What about you?
Thanks for that. He all right?
I think maybe we're missing the point. It seems to me James' strength as a writer is that he doesn't take us by the hand. He treats us like adults. He respects us enough to forget us. That takes... courage.
Yes, Hannah?
I know, but sometimes...
You don't deserve me, you know.
In the hospital. I was kind of excited about it at the time, but then I was on pretty heavy painkillers.
Did you just make that up?
It didn't come up.
Does he still love you?
I told Walter.
Did you tell Walter?
Some times...
I guess you have to go on faith.
Oh?
I went and looked at some babies just now.
Dozens. It's very sad.
Ouch. How many?
And you're old.
I know.
Oh, Grady. You're such a putz.
I lost it all.
Terry told me about Wonder Boys. Is it true? Did you lose it all?
I'm through improvising.
I believe you. Did that nice doctor let you out? Or is this you improvising again, Grady?
I'm so glad to see you, Sara.
I said it didn't sound like you.
And what did you say?
He told me.
He told you.
I think I might've said I was in love with you.
And what do you think you might have said?
I think I might have.
You didn't happen to call the house last night, did you, Grady?
It's within the realm. He takes his souvenirs pretty seriously. And he was just a wee bit prickly this morning.
Would Walter really press charges?
This is not what the university has in mind when it promises a liberal education, Grady.
Of course, I'm sure. Ah, Christ, the puberty police are back.
Are you sure you parked it there?
Honestly. Someone stole my car. I parked it right there last night.
Grady.
Someone stole my car.
Over there. In the backseat of the...
And the jacket?
Inside.
I'm not very happy with you right now, Grady. But more importantly, Walter's not very happy and he's gotten the police involved. They seem to think James Leer is somehow responsible for all of this. You wouldn't happen to know where James is, would you, Grady?
I'm sorry, Sara. I've been trying to tell you. It's all my --
It seems one of our students is -- missing and his parents found a dead dog in his bed.
Oh?
I tried to call, but apparently there's something wrong...
Sara.
I'm sort of helping him work through some issues.
What's he doing out there?
James Leer.
Who's that sitting in your car?
That... and you.
About the baby.
No, I don't think you do. And besides... I haven't decided yet.
I know that. I know what's at stake here...
I believe you. I believe you want to be with me. But this is not just about me anymore.
Really, Sara, I...
Gee, Grady, that sounded so heartfelt. I don't know whether to swoon or smirk.
All right.
No. I mean. Well, actually, yes. Sort of. I don't remember. Listen, Sara, I have to tell you something.
Did you pass out again, Grady? Did you fall somewhere?
Hub? Oh, well, that's part of what I need to...
Are you limping? Why are you limping?
Oh. Right. Ha. Listen, about last night. There is something I need to tell...
I'm kidding. Hello?
Really? That was fast.
Your fingerprints were all over the bedroom.
Did you confess?
A twelve-year-old policeman came by the house this morning.
You heard? How?
I heard.
Walter's on campus, being the good soldier for WordFest. But he's a basket case. Someone stole Marilyn's jacket last night. And Poe's missing, too.
Totally. I'm sorry. A lot was happening this morning. Can you talk?
I can't believe you hung up on me, you dick.
I love you, Grady.
You got me.
Pow.
Caps.
Heavy. Smells like gunpowder.
It's -- it's a souvenir. Of Baltimore.
Who's gun is that?
No you don't. And fuck you for saying you do. And fuck you for "saying...  ...for saying there's just no way. Because there could be a way, Grady.
Well, no, I don't see any way.  And I know how hard it is for you to -- to lose this chance.
No. There's no way. I mean, don't you think there's no way?
Not have it.
She'll come back. That's why I'm going to... to not have this baby.
I don't think I really have a choice in, that. Emily left me.
You love Emily. I know that. And you need to stay with her.
No, really, Sara, I don't think you --
Don't. I know what you're going to say.
Well...
Nothing. I think I twisted my --
Almost. Want to sit up?  What's the matter?
Is the thing -- is it over?
You had another one, didn't you? You have to see a doctor, Grady. First thing Monday morning. All right?
I guess you're going to have to chew it off then.
Sara, my arm. I'm stuck, honey.
Neither do I.
No. Maybe. I don't know. I don't know what I'm going to do.
And? Are you going to tell him?
Yes.
Has he asked to see the book yet?
If she's not now, Terry will make sure she is by the end of the evening.
My God, I wear the same scent as a transvestite. She IS a transvestite, isn't: she?
Hm.
Is that Cristaile?
Simple.
So. I guess we just divorce our spouses, marry each other, and have this baby, right? Simple.
She's left the room before. She always came back.
She's left before...
Emily left me this morning.
I think Walter would find this a little more than surprising.
Well. This is... surprising. Does Walter...?
I'm sure.
I'm pregnant.
All right. This morning --
You go first.
Walter just got it back from the framer today.
New?
Well then. I'd better show you. Terry --
I don't believe I know where the upstairs guest room is.
That's funny. I need to talk to you, too.  Perhaps you could put some of these coats in the upstairs guest room, Professor Tripp.
I need to talk to you.
I'm sorry. It's these goddamned shoes. I don't know how anyone actually walks in these things.
Easy there.
I got the message you called too.
I got the message you called.
Chancellor.
Professor Tripp.
It's a bathtub. What she's standing under.
That's nice. All we have is a Japanese beetle trap.
He said he hasn't had a success in ten years and everyone in New York thinks he's kind of a...
Jesus. Is that what he told you?
You mean because his career's ruined and all?
He'd call it habit. But now... I get the feeling he's going through the motions a bit.
That sounds like a fancy excuse for being a shit.
Like most editors, he really wants to be a writer, but he's too busy living a novel to bother writing one.
What's that?
He's writing his name in water.
Forget it. I should've known better. Your friend is just, I don't know, into collecting weird tricks. Mind?
Tony. I'm sorry if things didn't work out so well for you tonight. With Terry.
Tony. Now that I'm home.
Listen, Antonia --
Sure it is.
I'm not sure that's possible.
Disturbed. And when your friend Crabtree gets done with him, he's going to be even more disturbed.
James is... I don't know...
Couldn't he have just thrown a shoe at the poor thing?
I'm your man.
I need a ride.
He's still barking at me. He's blind.
Who's he barking at now?
It's Mrs. Gaskell's. Her hobby.
That's a nice greenhouse.
Lucky guess.
Why yes. How did you know?
That perfume you're wearing, Antonia. It wouldn't happen to be Cristaile, would it?
Terry was telling me about you on the plane. It was all so interesting.
The more the merrier.
Nevertheless, I'd like to see you in my office Monday morning.
No.
Sara. I'm in love with her.
Excuse me?
I'm in love with your wife.
What is it, Grady?
I... I...
Oh?
This is important.
It's three-thirty, Grady.
I have... eight-fifteen. That's not right, is it?
I know it's you, Grady, I just... Christ, Grady, do you know what time it is?
GRADY Tripp. English Department.
Grady?
It's Grady, Walter.
Who's this ?
Yes?
Walter?
Thanks -- Whoa, Professor Tripp, careful here...
As a heart attack.
Holy shit. Are you serious?
Only when I'm working.
Do you get high, Sam?
Hey, Professor Tripp.
Yo, Traxler.
Taking the long way home.
What exactly are we doing here, Professor Tripp?
Her husband.
Who's that guy?
Sick.
Oh, right. Yeah, that's true. He used to rub all kinds of things on it. Paprika. Ground lamb.
Well, jeez, you're reading his biography, aren't you?
Christ, Traxler. How the hell should I know?
Say, Professor Tripp, is all that stuff true about Errol Flynn? How he used to put coke on his dick. To make himself, you know, like, last longer?
I don't know. It might be...
Is it good?
Oh... yeah.
No. I guess you're here for the backpack.
Give me a break, Grady.
I -- just wanted to see her, I guess -- Emily. And to see you too -- you and Irene. And to let everyone know that, even though it may be difficult to comprehend now, this -- everything that's happening -- it's not forever. It doesn't mean "Goodbye."
Why did you come here, Grady?
Listen, Hank, I'm sorry about all this. I didn't come here to upset you and Irene. I want you to know that.
Ah, right. The book.
Oh. Right. Linda... I haven't been doing a lot of sleeping lately. My editor's in town and I have the book to finish and --
Nothing's wrong. They went to Wellesley together.
Neurologist? Why? What's wrong?
She's in Philadelphia seeing Linda Aahby. The neurologist.
I -- just want to say I'm sorry.
Where you stand?
I'm not going to stalk her. Hank. I just... want to know where I stand.
I don't know if she'd want me to tell you that, Grady.
Where's Emily, Hank?
Oh, I don't think there's any danger of you aging prematurely, Grady.
Maybe I should read it.
It's no Arsonist's Daughter, but I guess you know that. It's a young man's book. It got me remembering how it felt to be young.
And?
I was thinking of you.
What made you pull out that old thing?
Well, I'm sure with the proper guidance he'll be fine.
Yes. He's a good kid. Maybe a little messed up.
That's all right. We'll find him.
I might have his number on campus.
One other thing. About this kid, this student of yours -- Leer -- James Leer. You wouldn't know how I could get in touch with him, would you?
Just kidding.
No, the dog.
The perpetrator.
We figure the perpetrator let him out. He's blind and we figure he just wandered off and got run over.
That's weird.
Huh? Oh, someone pulled a B&E on Dr. Gaskell's closet. And the dog's missing.
I could be wrong. What happened anyway?
Hardapple?
Horses, right. Vernon something...  Hardapple.
A jockey? You mean, like --
Well, there's always people you don't know at these things, but I can't say there was anybody particularly suspicious... Wait. There was one guy. Tiny fella. Claimed to be a jockey.
I haven't heard of half of those.
Pier Angeli, 1971 or '72, also pills. Charles Boyer, 1978, pills again. Charles Butterworth, 1946, I think. In a car. Supposedly it was an accident, but, you know...  He was distraught. Dorothy Dandridge, she took pills in, like, 1965. Albert Dekker, 1968, he hung himself. He wrote his suicide note in lipstick on his stomach. Alan Ladd, '64, more pills, Carole Landis, pills again, I forget when. George Reeves, Superman on TV, shot himself. Jean Seberg, pills of course, 1979. Everett Sioane -- he was good -- pills. Margaret Sullavan, pills, Lupe Velez, a lot of pills. Gig Young. He shot himself and his wife in 1978. There are more but I don't know if you would have heard of them. Ross Alexander? Clara Blandick? Maggie McNamara? Gia Scaia?
Just a few then. The big ones.
There's so many...
Pills. August 25, 1972. In a Costa Brava hotel room.
Mr. Crabtree was saying how George Sanders killed himself, only he couldn't remember how.
George Sanders?
No, I'm going ho --
Are you riding with me, James?
If he's happy...  I'm happy.
You want to keep him happy.
Well, Q certainly will. And, given that he will be addressing 500 people in little over an hour...
I doubt it, darling.
You'd recognize it if you tasted it.
I doubt I'd recognize a '63 Chateau Latour if I was sitting on it.
I could swear I had a '63 Chateau Latour in here. You haven't seen it, have you?
I mean... feelings.
What do you mean?
Did you ever... Do you have feelings for Anna?
Ask me. Ask me anything.
Nothing.
Sure.
Carlos, can I ask you something?
Maybe because you're looking her in the face.
It's crazy out there.  Young girls wearing mini this and mini that. Sometimes when I walk down the street and pass some sexy looking woman, she makes me feel like I'm bothering her. She stares down like she's afraid to look at me. Why she do that? Why can't she look me in the face?
I know. I'm just saying I understand.
Carlos, I never raped a woman.
I'm just talking, man.
You don't have to tell me this.
I get horny as hell for other women.  I mean I fantasize about raping some beautiful woman.
Don't talk like that.
Maybe I'm not a good man. Maybe inside I'm bad, and I'll always be bad.
You're a good man, Walter. Okay, you did some wrong things, but inside you're a good, decent man.
I'm not a monster.
The important thing is that you and Annette need to talk. She needs to see you, and you need to see her.
Isn't it?
It's not what you think.
You should see my appointment book. It got crazy.
C'mon, Walter.
Tell Annette I'm busy in July.
Anna will be away at camp. The house will be quiet. It's better when it's quiet.
Early July.
Next week? The week after?
Soon.
When?
Aren't you glad?
Annette will see you.
What's that?
I've got some good news.
I don't want to see any goddamn pictures.
Ah, come on.
No thanks.
I've got some pictures.  Want to see?
Oh, Anna's. It was great, man. Anna was so pretty.  She looked like a princess, like one of those girls in a fairy tale, you know, like Snow White.
The birthday party.
What party?
Fucking Tigers. They got no pitching except for a bunch of green kids straight out of Double A or Southern Cal.  How was the party?
Fucking Mariners.
Mariners are pounding the shit out of the Tigers.
What's happening?
I know, man. I love this table too.  But I also love my wife.
I made that table for you and Annette, for your wedding. I put a lot of love into it.
She's got all this new furniture now. She said it didn't fit anymore, so I kept it in the attic. I thought you might like it.
Then what? What?!
It wasn't like that.
She was going to throw it out, wasn't she? Just toss it like a scrap of wood.
You need a table.
Then why the fuck are you giving it back to me?!
It was a beautiful present.
It's my own design. You won't find another table like it in the world.
Yeah. It's really nice.
Notice the grain. See how deep and rich the red runs?
It's a nice table.
It's made from cherry. That's a hard wood.
Huh?
Cherry.
This little table is one heavy bitch.
What are you doing?
Only if it's no closer than a hundred feet.
She'll be twelve next week. We're throwing a big party on Saturday. Wish I could ask you to come...
How old is Anna?
I remember when they all referred to me as "the little spic poor Annette married." Except her brother. You treated me with respect.  Look, you paid your dues. Your slate is clean now.
You're the only one in the family who still talks to me.
I don't know. She won't talk about it.
Is it because of Anna?
I'm working on it.
When can I see her?
Annette? She's good... tense.
How is she?
I should go. Your sister worries, and when she worries she yells.
You find me a decent place for under three hundred a month in this town, and I'll happily move out of this crap neighborhood.
But maybe it's not so healthy being so close, you know, to a school.
No way, man, you'd rob me blind!
Law says I can't come within one hundred feet of where children congregate. I figure the distance from my window to the school is one hundred and twenty. Make a bet?
What?
One hundred and twenty feet.
I like the noise.
I was just thinking of... the noise.
Something wrong with that?
Living across the street from a grade school. Jesus.
K through sixth.
Hey, is that a school?
I just recommended you. You still had to prove yourself.
I'll never forget you got me started there.
Booming. Lots of building going on. We can't keep up with all the work. In fact, I just hired a few new guys...
Beautiful. How's business?
Five years.
No shit.
Foreman now.
Yeah, you still with Northland?
Oh man, that kid takes himself real serious.
Got a job at old Frank's place. His son runs it now.
You doing okay?
Seems like the whole world's gotten younger.
You look good, damn good, considering you're an old man now!
I told her all my relatives are good- looking.
Took some talking to convince your super I was a relative.
Don't need to think fast to handle beer.
Robin.
You tell me your name, I'll tell you mine.
It means uncommon beauty is commonly overlooked. Most people only notice birds with the brightest colors.
What does that mean?
Well... not in the common way.
I'm not pretty.
A pretty girl like you should have a lot of friends.
I have friends.
Don't you have friends?
It's my bird book.
What are you writing in that book?
Not yet.
See anything interesting?
It's good to listen to your daddy.
My daddy likes me home before dark.
Do you come here often?
I have to go.
Not at first. You would stare at the tops of the trees so intently. Any second I thought you would take off and fly.
Were you watching me?
Me? Nah. I'm more of a people watcher.
Not too far.  Are you a bird-watcher too?
You live around here?
You should hear the bird.
That was terrific.
Something like that.
It's a bright sound.
I'd love to hear it.
I bet you can.
I can't.
Try.
It's hard to describe.
How does it sound?
Their sound is quite musical.
A solitary vireo. I like that one.
You'd be surprised how many kinds of birds you'll see here. Last week I saw a purple martin. And the week before that, I saw a solitary vireo. That's rare.
It's just a city park.
When I go bird-watching. It's why I like coming here.
You always carry these?
The mother sure has her hands full.
They're extremely aggressive birds. Plus, their habits are rather filthy.
Why not?
I don't like starlings.
Is that right?
They're starlings.
Sure.
There's little chicks!  You want to see?
In that birch tree is a nest.
There's a million birds here.
Birds.
What are you looking at?
'Fraid not.
You sure you don't know nothing about this?
Well, I guess I'll be seeing you.
I count my blessings.
Then I'd say you're a lucky fellow.
Yes.
The passionate one?
It's a free country, isn't it?
I'd say you're moving.
You're a cop. Figure it out.
What's with the boxes?
I have a passionate girlfriend.
That's a nasty scratch on your neck.
Just give me a straight answer, Walter, cause the irony goes right over my head.
I suppose if you're looking for a male between the ages of thirty and fifty, medium height, medium weight, medium build. Probably not too many men fit that bill.
He I.D.'d the assailant. The description matches you pretty well.
You could. It'd be a waste of your time, though.
I could take you downtown.
I wasn't feeling well.
I went to bed around seven.
The assault took place at approximately seven thirty.
You said last night. I went to bed pretty early.
I didn't say what time the assault occurred.
I was asleep.
A man was badly beaten across the street. You know anything about that?
No.
I'll be asking the questions.  Last night, you hear anything unusual? Screams? Shouts?
Know what?
You don't know?
The girl.
What?
You knew her?
That's it. Little Red Riding Hood jumps out of the wolf's guts with hardly a scratch.  Ever see a seven-year-old girl sodomized almost in half?
Little Red Riding Hood.
Sure you do. He cuts open the wolf's stomach, and the girl steps out alive.
I don't know.
The one with the ax?
Woodsman?
Neither do I.  What's the one with the woodsman?
No.
Do you believe in them?
Fairy tales?
This one guy on death row, who I'll call Henry, told me about his last victim. Henry says how he's in the bedroom of a seven-year-old cutie named Adele. Her mother's in the living room watching TV. She's got the volume on so damn high he can hear David Letterman's jokes. Henry puts his hand over Adele's mouth and says, "If you scream, little girl, I'll kill your mother." And of course little Adele doesn't scream, doesn't cry, doesn't make a sound. Then he takes her hand and out they go through the front door.  Ten days later they find Adele's body. Or what's left of it.  You believe in fairy tales?
Yes.
You walked home.
I fell asleep.
Don't be witty.  Yesterday you took the number twelve bus from work, but instead of getting off at your normal stop, for some reason you stayed on. Why did you stay on the bus, Walter?
You going to take me on a nature walk?
Sure they do. But outside they've got trees around them. The trees shade them from the sun. Of course, the plants enrich the soil around the trees. One of nature's symbiotic relationships.
They grow outside, don't they?
Your ivy. Too much direct sunlight. These plants don't like a lot of sun.
What?
Too much sun.
Okay.
Okay?
Like a piece of shit? In my eyes, you are a piece of shit. Think anyone would miss you if I threw you out the window right now? I could say you jumped when I came in. Who are they going to believe? Not you, because you'd be a dead piece of shit.
You can't talk to me like --
And when you sit by the window, watching the girls in the little cotton skirts parade by, do you wave your wanger at the girls? Is that when you jerk off?
Who said I wanted to buy it?
It's not for sale.
Unusual design for a contemporary piece.
Yeah.
Cherry?
If you could, you would have brought one today.
I could get a search warrant.
Doesn't everybody?
Got something to hide?
I would.
Then you won't mind if I look around.
I haven't broken any laws.
Why don't you just tell me?
I think you do.
I have no idea.
You don't know?
Have a seat.
What's up?
Cop.
Hiya, Walter.
You are in.
Sergeant Lucas.  May I come in?
Yeah.
But you are taking it?
It gives me headaches.
Are you taking your medication?
Apartment's okay.
And your new apartment?
I'm adjusting okay.
So. How are you adjusting?
If she's here tomorrow, I'll fucking kill her.
People have the right to know.
Lovers' quarrel?
Have you seen Walter?
Well, Mary, you're about as helpful as a broken sewer pipe. You do know what runs out of a sewer pipe, don't you?
Just trying to be helpful.
Yeah, Mary-Kay, I think I do. Thanks a bunch for the advice.
You don't want to know, but he's damaged goods -- real damaged goods, if you know what I mean.
Why's that?
The new man. I'd keep away from him, if I were you.
What?
I'd keep away from him.
Will I see you again?
It's getting dark. Go home.
Can't I stay a little longer?
You should go home.
I don't mind.
No.
Do you still want me to sit on your lap?
Yes?
Walter?
Robin, listen to me.
I don't want to hurt my daddy.
I know because... it's just something I know.
How do you know?
Your daddy will always love you.
But will he... ?
Someone will talk to your daddy. And then he'll stop doing those things... the things you don't like.
What will happen if I do?
You said you couldn't make the sound of a solitary vireo. But you did. Beautifully. I heard you.
Yes you can, Robin.
I can't.
Tell Ms. Kramer what your daddy does.
Ms. Kramer.
What's her name?
Do you like it when he asks you?
Yes.
Does he?
My daddy lets me sit on his lap.
They could be finches. I don't know. We should go before it gets dark.
They sound like finches.
I know a place in the park where only very small birds go. There are no people or dogs or ugly crows and pigeons. It's quiet except for the song of these tiny sparrowlike birds. Would you like me to take you there?
Do you want me to sit on your lap?
That's okay... doesn't matter.
I'm sure. Thank you all the same.
Are you sure?
No thank you.
Would you like to sit on my lap?
What?
Would you like to sit on my lap?
Yes?
Robin?
Birds are my friends. That sounds egotistical, but they are. Birds know I watch them, but they don't mind because they like being watched... if they know you won't hurt them.
Banished... yeah.
It sounds like you were banished.
A long time ago, I was sent far away. When they let me come back, all my friends were gone.
How come?
No.
Do you have many friends?
Walter.
I will be in three months.  I can't wait. I hate being eleven. It has to be the stupidest age in the world.
No you're not.
I'm twelve.
Can I ask how old you are?
Yeah, like the bird.
I feel... okay.
How do you feel about that?
Time.
It's going to take time, Walter.
Accept you?
She's still really hurt... and angry. I don't know... if she will ever... forgive me. I understand that. I do. I just hope... I just want her to...
I smelled her hair. That's it. I just liked smelling her hair.
All right. A small house... with small rooms.
It was a small house.
When the two of you held each other. When you were ten or eleven and she was eight or nine. When your parents were out and the two of you were alone... completely alone in that big house.
I meant later... when you two took naps.
I was six years old!
Did you get an erection?
Yes.
You felt pleasure.
That's all. I just liked smelling her hair.
What else?
Okay I'll tell you what I did -- just to shut you up!  I smelled her hair.
I'm only asking questions.
This is garbage!
Did you touch her? Did you take off her clothes? Did you take off your clothes?
Nothing.
Walter, what did you do while taking a nap with your sister?
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been there.
I don't like nobody behind my back!
All right.
Don't ever do that again.
I want you back in your chair! Right now!
Did you and your sister often take naps together?
What the hell are you doing there?
Yes, a nap. Kids do that. You ever take a nap, Rosen?
A nap?
Just lying there.  We're taking a nap.
And what are you doing?
I'm maybe about six... which would make her four.
But roughly, how old?
We're little kids.
How old are you and your sister?
In my bed too.
Where are you?
In my bed, Rosen. Where do you think?
Where?
In my bedroom, sleeping.
Sorry.  Where is she?
Not so fast.
Where is she? What is she doing? How old --
I see my sister.
Who do you see?
In your mind, Walter. Take your time.
I don't see --
No. When I say the word "pretty," when I say the word "pleasure," what is the earliest memory you see?
Nothing. Can I open my eyes?
When I say the word "girl" what is the earliest image that you can remember?
Okay. Eyes closed, mind a blank. I'm all yours. Do it, Rosen.
No, I am not going to --
Hey, Rosen, you going to hypnotize me?
Close your eyes and let your mind be blank.
I'm relaxed.
To relax.
Why?
I'd like you to close your eyes.
What?
Close your eyes.
That's my answer.
That's not a helpful answer.
I don't know.
If by "problem" you mean your desire for prepubescent girls, yes.
You mean my problem?
When did it all start?
I can't move my patients around to accommodate one person.
I said I was sorry.
Please don't do it again.
Sorry.
You're very late.
Now I know. It's when I can see a girl, be near a girl, even talk to a girl... and walk away.  That's my idea of being normal.
Go home, Walter.
Remember when you asked me what my idea of "normal" was?
We'll talk about it more on Thursday.
I want to talk about it now.
Walter, we'll pick up here next time.
I want you to calm down.
Of course it is! That's why I'm telling you!
Is this the first one?
You know that if anything happens, I spend the rest of my life in prison. No parole, no nothing.
I don't know!
What did you want to happen?
I don't know.
What did you think would happen?
I don't know.
I know you're frustrated, Walter, but --
You don't know!
I know --
Fuck you, Rosen!
Then go see a therapist who will tell you you're normal!
I want to be normal!
Whatever my ideas are of being a Jew is not going to help you.  Why don't we continue this on Thursday.
What is your idea of being a Jew?
What is your idea of being normal?
How do they know?
They usually tell me.
Then how do you know if your patients are getting better?
I don't.
How do you define it?
I suppose it's however society defines it.
Do you know what "normal" is?
I'm afraid not.
You couldn't say.
I couldn't say.
Will I ever be normal?
We have a lot of work to do.
I mean, when will I be normal.
We have a few more minutes.
How long is this going to take?
That is a marvelous image, Walter. Because by going in circles we find the things we missed the first time around.
Talking to you is like riding on a merry-go-round.
Is that what you are angry about?
You know why. It's part of the parole deal.
Why do you think you're here?
If I'm not, then what the hell am I doing here?
Do you think you're crazy?
I'm not that crazy.
Have you talked to Carlos about your concerns?
I'm not afraid. I'm just saying that Carlos has a thing for his daughter, and if he isn't careful he's going to suffer.
What are you afraid will happen?
Have to talk about something.
Then why are you talking about this?
She was born after they put me away. How can I have feelings?
You have no feelings for your niece?
I don't feel anything.
How do you feel about that?
I don't need someone else.
Because if you did, I know a therapist named Ryan. I also know a therapist named Chung.
Rosen? I don't have a problem with that.
Maybe it's the way I look. Or the sound of my name.
Forget it.
Is it just my cheery personality that makes your skin itch?
Honest? Your cheery personality makes my skin itch.
Good. That's an honest answer. And why don't you like coming here?
Honest? No.
But you don't like coming here. Be honest, Walter.
It's okay.
You don't like coming here, do you?
I wish you'd give it a try.
I'm still thinking about it.
How's the journal?
Then think about it.
No fucking way.
Try it.
By reflection we can derive a deeper meaning from our experience in life. We gain greater understanding about ourselves that can lead to making better choices in our relationships, our careers, and our goals.
How's that?
It's very good, indeed.
You think reflection is good.
That's right.
Reflect.
I thought a journal would encourage you to reflect.
Bad idea.
It was just an idea.
Of course.
Oh. It never crossed my mind.
Ev-i-dence.
I don't understand.
Diaries have sent too many guys to prison.
Why not?
No way.
That's right.
A diary?
I'd like you to keep a journal.
What?
Walter, I'd like you to try something for me.
It's all the same.
No need to call me doctor. I'm a therapist, not a psychiatrist.
It's called sarcasm, Dr. Rosen.
That was a joke.
You seem a little hostile today.
I'm not running for Mr. Popularity.
That's right, you did.  Have you made any friends there?
I said the job is okay.
Do I take "okay" to mean you feel good about working there?
The job's okay.
And how's your job?
Not when they fly.
I heard they were filthy birds.
Fucking liar.
Yeah.
You okay?
I need a shower.
Do you want to talk about it?
I didn't sleep well.
Nothing.
What's going on?
Why's it always my fucking problem?
What's your fucking problem?
Sneak up behind me like that.
Do what?
Don't do that.
Prove it.
I'm not scared.
Don't be scared, Walter.
You're such an asshole.
Thank you.
Everyone needs a plant. This ivy is one tough baby. It's a cutting from one of mine.
I don't need a plant.
What's it look like?
What's this?
Fine.
I say we call it quits.
That's not what I meant.
Guess that makes you pretty special.
Most people don't have my kind of problems.
Who doesn't?
I've got problems.
Just think about it.
I don't even know how to live with myself.
I think it's a fucking good idea.
It's a bad idea.
Move in with me.
Live together.
We should live together.
Maybe you should be.
Neither am I.
I'm not scared.
You're scared.
Us seeing each other.
What?
Maybe this isn't a good idea.
Not ever.
Not ever?
Are you serious?
You never asked them about it?
I love all of them. They're strong, gentle men with families of their own. And if you asked them about what they did to me, they'd call you a fucking liar and then beat the shit out of you.
No you don't.
I love my brothers.
You must hate your brothers.
All three -- in chronological order.
Which brother did this?
I got poked around... here and there.
Why not tell me now?
Well, most people are stupid.  You want to talk about odds? One day I'll tell you how I survived as the youngest in a family of three sons. You wanna talk about odds?
For men like me. They say most of us end up back... there. I'm saying there are risks... seeing me.
The percentages --
What odds?
Most people say the odds are against me.
I know.
Being here, with me.
What?
You know, this is crazy.
Bullshit.
Nothing. It's over.
And what do you tell yourself now?
No. That's what I used to tell myself.
You really believe that?
I was always the one seduced.
They seduce you?
Their power. They seduce me.
Is it their innocence? Their beauty?...
Why young girls, Walter?
I've changed.
My father was an alcoholic who drank himself right into the grave.
Sounds like a special guy.
My father took me fishing here when I was a kid. He could name every fish in the lake. And for every fish he named, he had a fishing story. I hated fishing, but I loved his stories.
Don't be sorry for me. I did those things. No one else did. I'm dealing with that.
I'm sorry, Walter.
No. Prison is time. That's it. You think time, you feel time, you hear time. Your heart doesn't beat to live, it just beats... time.
You mean the time you're locked away?
Yes! I want to know.
You don't really --
What was prison like?
No. Never again.
You don't molest little girls anymore, do you?
Walter.
Depraved? My mistake.
Hey, I'm not --
Get your kicks somewhere else.
What?
You should be shocked. Or do you get off on this shit?
I told you I'm not easily shocked.
Why don't you just go now, okay?
The judge had a thing about sex offenders. Later I heard his daughter had been raped. If I hadn't had a good lawyer, it would have been twenty- five to thirty.
Twelve years in prison?
I never hurt them. Never.
Between ten and twelve. Once a nine- year-old told me she was eleven. Once a fourteen-year-old told me she was twelve. I always asked how old they were.
How young?
It's not what you think.
What did you do to them?
Sorry.
How many girls did you molest?
Look, you can go now.
Twelve years in prison is no joke.
You're not joking.
Yeah.
Molested little girls?
I molested little girls.
So, what did you do?
Yeah.
The worst?
What's the worst thing you ever did?
Because I like you.
Why do you want to know?
Hi.
Hey, there.
I sleep like a dead horse. Anything else?
When I do sleep, I sweat a lot. Usually I get nightmares and wake up screaming.
Is that all?
I suffer from insomnia.
Did I say something wrong?
Well, Walter, this is going to sound off-the-wall, but I like to sleep with a man after we fuck.
What for?
I thought I'd stay the night.
The morning?
How about in the morning.
Maybe later.
Tell me about it.
Since you've had sex?
It's been a while since...
Do you?
You think I have a problem?
What's the problem?
Don't tell me I'm not a fucking asshole when I know I'm a fucking asshole!
No you're not.
Of course. Sorry. I'm such a fucking asshole.
I didn't say I didn't enjoy it.
You're still here.
Hey, that was... intense.
Not tonight.
So, you're not a dyke.
Are you going to tell me your deep dark secret before we have sex?
What?
So?
Don't you think I should know before we have sex?
Why do you want to know?
So... what's your dark secret?
I get that impression.
I'm not easily shocked.
Yeah?
Something happened to you.
You're damaged.
What?
I thought you were just shy, but now I think it's something else.
Yeah, they could.
They could eat you.
What about them?
What about bears?
I go backpacking a lot. Lose myself in the wilderness for a week or two.
You must hate it.
My place faces a truck street. I've got cracks in every window from the shaking.
I like the noise.
Doesn't it get noisy?
K through sixth.
Is that a school?
Sorry.
You plan to drink both those beers?
You should buy several. I've got shitty light in my place, but my plants don't seem to mind. Light's important, but it's not everything.
I'll buy a plant.
Your windows face south. Northern light is the purest. But southern light is very good.
What?
Southern light.
What do you think?
Are you?
I thought you were a dyke.
You never spoke to me before.
They're all assholes.
Neither do you.
You don't hang out with the other guys.
I'm just quiet.
You're quiet at work.
Guess I'm not like most women.
Most women wouldn't choose it.
What's weird about that?
No weirder than a sharp, young, good- looking woman working in a lumberyard.
Very weird.
People without cars.
Here's this nice, hard working guy who suddenly appears out of the blue and rides the bus to and from work. I mean, who rides the bus anymore?
Yeah, you.
Me?
I'm talking about you.
What picture?
There's something wrong with this picture.
It's fucking freezing out here.
I'm all right.
Want a ride?
Yeah, I'm fucking fantastic.
Are you okay?
What?
No way that could just be seawater.
You done impressing yourself, ace?
Well, you know Lindsey, too damn aggressive-- Son of a--!!
She went front-office on you.  Tighten that for me, right there.  That's it.
It was alright for a while, you know.  But then she got promoted to project engineer on this thing, couple years ago.
Okay, good reason.  Then what?
We were due to go back out on the same ship. Six months of tests.  If you were married you got a state-room.  Otherwise it was bunks.
Doesn't mean you had to marry her.
There we were, side by side, on the same ship, for two months.  I'm tool-pusher and we're testing this automated derrick of hers.  So, we get back on the beach and... we're living together.
Gimme a three-eighths socket on a long extension.  So there you were--
Where're you?
Right through the brainpan.  Deader'n dogshit, boss.
Piece of cake, baby.
This ain't no drill, slick.  Make me proud.
I told him we had to get the umbilical unhooked ASAP.
Goddamnit!  D'you tell him we need it right now?
What is that?  You drop your dive light?
Nice shot, Lins.
Forget it, Sonny.  They're gone.
Benthic Explorer, Benthic Explorer.  Do you read, over?  This is Deepcore--
Yeah, yeah... yeah.  It's turning.
You got it?!  You got it?
I'm alright, I'm dealing.
How you guys doing?
We're being asked to cooperate in a matter of national security.  Now you know exactly as much as I do.  So just get your gear off and get up to control.  There's some kind of briefing in ten minutes.
She-hit.
Figured I was dead, there, when I seen that angel comin' toward me.
Thanks.  How you feeling, big guy?
Yeah, okay.  Okay.
Okay, Jammer.  No problem.  You stay right here. I have to go there to the end... you'll see my lights.  We'll stay in voice contact.  Just hold onto the rope.  Five more minutes.  Okay?
No!  I'm okay now.  I just don't... I can't go any further in.
I'm taking you back out.
I... they're all dead, Bud.  They're all dead. I thought... some of them... you know...
Deep and slow, big guy.  Deep and slow.  Just breathe easy.
Hey, you okay?
Lord Almighty.
Missile compartment.  Those are the launch tubes.
Where are we?
How deep's the drop-off here?
Okay so far.
Folks, I've just been told to shut down the hole and prepare to move the rig.
What's goin' on, Boss?
Kirkhill?  That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole.  Hey, Perry!
Bud!  Hippy's on the bitch-box.  It's a call from topside.  That new company man.
Hello, Mrs. Brigman.
Hello, Brigman.
Who then?
No, Bud, no... not you.
I've been better.  Next time it's your turn, okay?
'Course is worked.  You're never wrong, are you? How d'you feel.
Hi, tough guy.  I guess it worked, huh?
Hi, lady.
Hey... big boys don't cry, remember?
Tell me later.
Oh God, Lins... I--
It's the only way, Bud.  Now trust me.
It is insane.
WHAT KIND OF PLAN IS THAT!??
I drown, you tow me back to the rig--
What's the plan?
Listen... will you listen to me for a second!? You're for the suit on and you're a better swimmer than me.  Right?  So I got a plan...
FUCK LOGIC!!
NO!!  Now be logical, Bud, you're--
Lindsey, just put the thing on and shut up--
No way!  Forget it.  Not an option.
Don't argue, goddamnit, just--
What, you growing gills all of a sudden?  You got it on, keep it on.
Alright, put this on.
Seven, eight minute swim each way... not enough time.  Look at this...  Time I get back you'll be--
Okay, look, you swim to the rig and come back with another suit.
Aaargh!!  I'm freezing!
I know!  I know!  But we better come up with something.
We've only got one suit.
I don't know how!
How?
Okay... okay.  We gotta get you out of here.
Calm down, Bud.
Son of a bitch!
I don't know, look around.
Can't get to it.  Have to pull this panel off. You go any tools?
Somewhere behind this panel.  Hold this.
You see where it's coming in?
Yeah, but it's gonna take them a while to find us.  We better get this flooding stopped.
They'll come out after us.
Good hundred yards, I'd say.
Wonderful.  There's some light from somewhere...
Well, that's that.
Deepcore, this is Cab One.  We need assistance, over.  Deepcore, this--
Try again.
You noticed.
It's flooding like a son of the bitch.
Yeah.  So sue me.
You totaled it, huh?
Not in this thing.
Not good enough.  We still gotta catch Big Geek.
You did okay, back there.  I was fairly impressed.
Can we negotiate later?  There's Big Geek.
You owe me one, Virgil.
Then I guess you better wish me luck, huh?
Bud, that water's only a couple degrees above freezing.
Okay, I'm gonna free-swim to hatch six... get inside, get the door open from the other side.
Now what?
He's jammed the mechanism.
Maybe their whole technology is based on that. Controlling water.
They must've learned how to control water... I mean at a molecular level.  They can plasticize it, polymerize it... whatever.  Put it under intelligent control.
It's trying to communicate.
I think it likes you.
Look, the guy's operating on his own, cut off from chain of command.  He's exhibiting symptoms of pressure-induced psychosis.  And he's got a nuclear weapon.  So, as a personal favor to me... will you put your tongue in neutral for a while?
He's got the shakes?
Chill out, Lindsey!!
You dumb jarhead motherf--
Lindsey!  Wait a second--
Look, goddamnit, if you won't do something about it, I will.
We all see what we want to see... Coffey looks and he sees Russians, he sees hate and fear. Bud, you have to look with better eyes than that.
How can I go on a feeling?  You think Coffey's going to go on you 'feeling'?
It was a machine, but it seems almost alive. Like a... dance of light.  Bud, you have to trust me... please.  I don't think they mean us harm.  I don't know how I know that, it's just a feeling.
Bud, this is me, Lindsey.  Okay?  You know me better than anybody in the world.  Now watch my lips... I saw these things.  I touched one of them.  And it wasn't some clunky steel can like we would build... it glided.  It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
No.
I need you to believe me, Bud.  Look at me.  Do I seem stressed out?  Any of the symptoms of pressure sickness, any tremors, slurred speech?
God, you are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
I saw something!  I'm not going to go back there and say I didn't see it when I did.  I'm sorry.
All I'm saying is when you're hanging on by your fingernails, you don't go waving you arms around.
Who's hysterical?  Nobody's hysterical!
Look.  I'm just trying to hold this situation together.  I can't allow you to cause this kind of hysteria--
Bud, something really important is happening here.
Jesus, Lindsey--
I'm telling you what is there.  You're just not hearing.  The impulses somehow aren't getting from you ears to your brainpan.  There's something down there.  Something not... us.
If you say so.  It could be anything.
Come on, you guys... look, this is the little one right here.  You can see how it's kind of zigging around.
Yeah?  Well I'm not.
Hey, Lins...  I'm glad your here.
I can extend that.  There's some storage tanks outboard on the wrecked module.  I'll have to go outside to tie onto them.
The storm's gonna last longer than 12 hours.
Brace yourself.  We've got about 12 hours worth if we close off the sections we're not using.
What about O-2?
Thanks.  No, I can handle it.  Bud... there won't be enough to run the heaters.  In a couple hours this place is going to be as cold as a meat locker.
Need some help?
I can get power to this module and sub-bay if I remote these busses.  I've gotta get past the mains, which are a total melt-down.
What's the scoop, ace?
Cute, Virgil.
Hippy, just relax.  You're making the women nervous.
I don't know.  I DON'T KNOW!
What do you think he saw?
But what did he see that made him panic?
His mixture got screwed up.  He panicked and pranged his regulator.
Jammer saw something in there, something that scared the hell out him--
Whose then?  Lindsey?  Talk to me...
No.
But you think it's something else.  What?  One of ours?
I don't know what I saw.  Okay?  Coffey wants to call it a Russian submersible, fine.  It's a Russian submersible.  No problem.
Fine.  Be that way.
No.  Look, forget it.  I don't want to talk about it.
Did you get anything on the cameras.  Video or anything?
You're right, Bud.  It was just that simple. Aren't you clever?  You should get your own show... Ask Dr. Bud, advice to the lovelorn from three hundred fathoms.
I'll tell you what happened... you woke up one day and realized the guy never made you laugh.
Bud, why are you doing this?  It's not part of you life any more.
What happened?
No, I haven't seen him in a few weeks.
So what about "Michael" then... Mr. Brooks Brothers... Mr. BMW.  You still seeing him?
Do you always have to call him that?  The Suit? It makes you sound like such a hick.  His name is Michael.
Yeah, what's-his-name wouldn't like it.  The Suit.
I haven't worn mine in months.
I don't know.  Divorce ain't final.  Forgot to take it off.
What are you still wearing that for?
Oh, yeah, right... and you only had three years with me.
I was worried about the rig.  I've got over four years invested in this project.
No, I think you were.  Come on, admit it.
That must be it.
I think you were worried about me.
Not particularly.  Jeez, look where this is set! Morons.
You wanna know what I think?
Wow, you're right!  Us poor dumb ol' boys might've had to think for ourselves.  Coulda been a disaster.
You need me.  Nobody knows the systems on this rig better than I do.  What is something was to go wrong after the Explorer clears off?  What would have you done?
Look, I didn't come down here to fight.
I can't believe you were dumb enough to come down.  Now you're stuck here for the storm... dumb, hot-rod... dumb.
Who else?
Not even when it meant something.  Is that One Night up in Flatbed?
You never did like being called that, did you?
Not for long.
Well, well.  Mrs. Brigman.
Virgil, you wiener!  You never could stand up to fight.  You--
I'm switching off now.
You wimp.  I had a lot riding on this.  They bought you... more like least rented you cheap--
Yup, a Benthic Petroleum paid for it.  So as long as they're hold the pink slip, I go where they tell me.
My rig.  I designed the damn thing.
Your rig?
We were that close to proving a submersible drilling platform could work.  We had over seven thousand feet of hole down for Chrissake.  I can't believe you let them grab my rig!
Wasn't up to me.
I was, but I managed to bum a ride on the last flight out here.  Only here isn't where I left it, is it, Bud?
Hi, Lins.  I thought you were in Houston.
I can't believe you let them do this!
No.
Did you find Wilhite?
Monk, Schoenick... secure the package.
Coffey, we're a little pressed for time.
Let's go, guys.
We'll go in through that large breach.
I'm not interested in your way of doing things. Just get your team ready to dive.
Hey, you come on my rig, you don't talk to me, you start ordering my guys around.  It won't work.  You gotta know how to handle these people... we have a certain way of doing things here.
I can't afford slack, Brigman.
Look, it's three AM.  These guys are running on bad coffee and four hours sleep.  You better start cutting them some slack.
Okay... Hippy's not going... McWhirter, you can run Little Geek.
We'll take reading as we go.  If the reactor's breached or the warheads have released radioactive debris, we'll back away.  Simple.
All right.  Do it!
Yeah!  I mean, I don't know... it looks right.
Is that it?  Is this right?
Meet me in the moonpool.  Move fast.
Got it. Over.
Go to the infirmary... get the cart .. oxygen... de-fib kit... adrenaline in a... ten cc syringe... and some... heating blankets. You got all that?
Yeah.  The dude's in bad shape... you see his hands?
Lins, stay away from that guy.  I mean it.
It's gotta be, like, an emergency plan to keep it away from the Russians... Hotwire one of the nukes with some kinda detonator, put it back in the sub, and fry the whole thing, slicker'n snot. Oh, uh... hi, Lins.
Why bring it here?
Come on, man.  What else could it be?
Yeah, for now.  Our first priority's to get something to breathe.
Do we just leave him there?
That's it then.  Finler, McWhirter, Dietz, and Perry.  Jesus.
That's Perry.
Everything is.
Hippy, you think everything's a conspiracy.
No, I mean it.  Those SEALs aren't telling us diddly.  Something's going on.
Now we're right in the middle of this big-time international incident.  Like the Cuban Missile Crisis or something.
What's the matter with you?
Check.  Then I just hang with these guys, right?
Just get around so your lights are on the hatch.
Yeah, well you never should have married her then.
God, I hate that bitch.
Virgil?
I can't... make it... podner.
Hafta... go on to... the moonpool.  Only way.
Take the first watch in sonar.  Hippy, you handle the exterior surveillance.  One Night, see if you can get that transmitter working for me, okay?
Yuh?
'Fish'?
It's his mixture!  Too much oxygen!
He's convulsing!
We're here now.  Let's get her done.
Triple time sounds like a lotta money, Bud.  It ain't.  I'm sorry...
That's cause we love freezin' our butts off out here sooo much, boss.
Hey, you guys are milking that job.
Out blood oughta be fizzin' like a warm, shook- up Coke.
We should be dead.  We didn't decompress.
Happy as hogs in a waller down there, prob'ly.
I think they're from 'you know'.  Some place that has similar conditions... cold, intense pressure.  No light.
Not us.  Not human.  Get it?  Something non- human, but intelligent...
Y'all could be more specific.
Missed what?
You better not say you missed that.
You watch yourself.
Cat, you tie onto this manifold.  There's some tanks on the other side; I'm gonna go check them out.
Okay, here we go.  Start equalizing, y'all.
Couldn't stay away.  You running mixture for us? Good.  Couldn't ask for better.
Howdy, y'all.  Hey, Lindsey!  I'll be damned! You shouldn't be down here sweet thing, ya'll might run ya stockings.
Give me that!!
SHIT!
Just checking is out, huh?  How come?
That thing was probably their version of Big Geek... like an ROV.
Right on!  Hot rods of the Gods.  Right, Lins? Hey, no really!  It could be NTIs.  The CIA has known about them for years.  They abduct people all the time.  There was this woman I knew in Albuquerque who--
Are we talkin' little space friend here?
Turn it up, bozo.
Quiet!  Quiet!
What good's the money if your dick drops off in six months?
Hippy, you pussy.
Now we get to hear about how he used to be a contender.
Those guys ain't so tough.  I fought plenty of guys tougher'n them.
Mrs. Brigman, you're becoming a serious impediment to this mission.  I believe the stress is affecting you.  Escort her to quarters and have Monk prepare a tranquilizer.
You're right... I don't.  I just need to know that this thing is out of here!  You hear me, Roger Ramjet?
You don't need to know the details of this mission... you're better off if you don't.
You've got some huevos bringing this... thing... into my rig!  With everything that's been going on up in the world, you bring a nuclear weapon in here?  Does this strike anyone as particularly psychotic, or is it just me?
Gimme a break!  Coffey, these things live three and a half miles down on the bottom of an abyssal trench!  Trust me... they're not speaking Russian.
I want 'round-the-clock manning of the sonar shack and the exterior cameras.  We need early warning if the Soviet craft try another incursion.
That's 192 warheads... And how powerful are they?
24 Trident missiles.  Eight MIRVs per missile.
How many are there?
Radiation is nominal.  The warheads must still be intact.
Copy that.
Roger, document as much as you can, but keep moving.  We're on a tight timeline.
Copy that, continuing forward.  You just want me to get shots of everything, right?
Wilhite, anything?
Neutron counter's not showing very much.
Cab One, radiation readings?
The magnetometer is pegged.  Side-scan is showing a big return, but I don't see anything yet.  Are you sure you got the depth right on this?
Cab One, do you see it yet?
Oh... chamber runs.  Uh huh, that's good.  Well, hey... you guys know any songs?
Look, we've all made chamber runs to this depth. We're checked out.
Don't call me that, okay... I hate that.  Alright, from now on we watch each other closely for signs of HPNS...
We've been fully briefed, Mrs. Brigman.
Get comfortable.  The bad news is we got six hours in this can, blowing down.  The worse news is it's gonna take us three weeks to decompress back to the surface later.
Just hold your water, okay?  So Kirkhill, we gonna do this or we gonna talk about it?
Lady, we better fish or cut bait.
What kind of luminous things, Bud?
Uh, oh...
Shut up, Hippy.  Bud, how you doing?
12000 feet.  Jesus, I don't believe he's doing this.
He couldn't be that dumb.  The guy's a trained killer.  Bud's idea of a fight is arm-wrestling One Night over laundry duty.
He can't get to the door... I think he's going to try and take him himself.
That guy's crazier'n a shithouse rat!
Schoenick... your Lieutenant is about to make a real bad career move...
I gotta tell you, that guy scares me a lot more than whatever's down there.  A.J. Squared Away goddamn jarhead robot.  Okay, gimme a couple hours on this.
No.  Just you and me.  We get some proof, then tell them.  Hippy, look... if was can prove to Coffey it's not Russians, maybe he'll ease off the button a little.
Let's go for it.  We could get lucky.
Well, yeah, but the tether off it ain't gonna be fancy.  When he gets down there he'll just sit, like a dumb-shit.  Unless something wanders through view of the camera, you'll get nada.
Look, you can just punch into his little chip where you want him to go, and he goes, right?
Non-Terrestrial Intelligence.  NTIs.  Yeah, I like that better then UFOs.  Although that works too... Underwater Flying Objects.
A non-terrestrial intelligence.
We got Russian subs creeping around.  Shit! Something goes wrong they could say anything happened down here, man.  Give our folks medals, know what I mean?
Figured that out for yourself, did you?
Going over the wall.  Coming to bearing 065. Everybody stay tight and in sight.
1840... 50... 60... 70...
What's you depth, Cab Three?
Cab Three, check.  Right behind you.
Gotcha, Cab Three.  Who is that?  That You, Lindsey?
Deepcore, Deepcore... this is Cab Three on final approach.
What's the timer set for?
You boss is having a full-on meltdown.  Guy's fixing to pull the pin on fifty kilotons and we're all ringside!
It's twitching but it's below the line you said was safe.
Getting a reading?
Perry, stand by on the ROV.  Sorry about this, little buddy.  Better you than me, know what I mean?
Stand by on the ROV.
Check this out.
Hey!
Deep.  It's classified... you know.  Anyway, you breathe liquid, so you can't be compressed. Pressure doesn't get to you.
How deep?
Fluid breathing system.  We just got them.  We use it if we need to go really deep.
Through three miles of water?   I don't know.
Would we see the flash?
He's hallucinating badly.
What kind of light?
I know how alone you feel... alone in all that cold blackness... but I'm there in the dark with you, Bud you're not alone...
He can still make it.
Bud, it's the pressure.  Try to concentrate. Concentrate on my voice.  Just listen to my voice.
He's losing it.  Talk to him.  Keep him with us.
Ensign Monk want to know how you feel.
Ask him a pressure effects.  Tremors, vision problems, euphoria.
8500 feet, Bud.  Everything okay?
Bud, according to Monk here, you just set a record for the deepest suit dive.  Bet you didn't think you'd be doing this when you got up this morning.
4800 feet.  It's official.
Very good.  About one person in twenty just can't handle it.  They go buggo.  They're no way to predict who's susceptible, so stay alert.
High-Pressure Nervous Syndrome.  Muscle tremors, usually in the hands first.  Nausea, increased excitability, disorientation.
There you go... Must you always spoil everything!
And what about yesterday... at my house... didn't you have any feeling for me, even then?
I mean, to stay away longer -- two months... a year... three years... Yes, I know, it sounds absurd. And I feel awful. The very idea of losing you makes me want to die... And yet... I... I just don't have the same feeling for you any more.
But you just said that a month was too...
No. It's not enough... I told you before that I would like to get away for a while and be alone.
But why rattle your brains by arguing and talking... Believe me, Anna, words never help at all. They only serve to confuse. I love you, Anna. Isn't I that enough?
In this case, getting married means nothing. Aren't we already the same as being married? And Corrado and Giulia -- aren't they already the same as being married?
There will be plenty of time to talk about it later.  We'll  get married  soon.  That way we'll have more time...
But I think we should talk about it. Or are you fully convinced that we too won't understand each other?
So, it will just take you a little longer to get over it.
A little more so this time.
You'll get over it soon. It's the usual anxiety.
Sandro... A month is too long a time. I have become used to being without you.
Wait for what?
Anna... Maybe it would be better to wait a while.
Fine. Can't you see so yourself?
How are you?
What could be more restful than this?...  Excuse me, what is it that you want to try?
I'd like to find a place where I can get some peace and rest, maybe around here somewhere. I'd like to try...
What a question... Because I want to be with you, naturally. I hope he doesn't close the deal so he'll leave me alone at least for a few days... Isn't this water wonderful!
Then how come you're not with him?
I don't know... It depends on Ettore... He's now in the process of negotiating for a contract here in Sicily...
When do you have to go back?
She'll wait.
But your friend is waiting downstairs.
We'll send the raft back to you.
I'm certainly not going to swim across.
Claudia, aren't you coming?
Then why don't you try it on?
This one is gorgeous.
Which one shall I wear?
I didn't know one could sleep so well on a yacht. It lulls you ...
Yes, fairly well. But I went to bed last night planning to do some thinking about a number of things ... instead, I fell asleep.
Did you sleep well?
What! After giving us such a run around...
You know, I could just as well go without seeing him today.
If I had a man waiting for me for half an hour and whom I hadn't seen for a month ...
I'm thirsty.
But where are you going?
It's the same thing. Goodbye, dear.
Up until now, Dad, I've been the one who hasn't wanted to marry him.
You mean Sandro, don't you?  Well, I beg of you, please, spare me that. Goodbye, Dad.
You already know what they are.
And have you any other truths to tell me?
Because it's true. After thirty years -- not having ever spoken the truth to anyone, I should at least allow myself to do so with my own daughter.
But how could you say such a thing?
To the fact of my retirement, not only as a diplomat but also as a father.
Used to what?
Oh, very well. I'll just spend the weekend alone by myself and take a little rest. I should be used to it by now.
Four or five days.
And how long will you be away?
No, Dad, it isn't.
Isn't it fashionable any more to put on a sailor's cap with the name of the yacht?
Sir, if you have no objections, may we start the search?
This looks to me like a good sign. Don't you think so? As far as I'm concerned, anyone who reads the Bible could not have committed an act of impropriety. Why... as a matter of fact, I remember when I was in China, many years ago, I happened to be involved in a similar situation, concerning an English woman, the wife of Ambassador Shafford, a good friend of mine. There, too, we found a Bible... And I said at the time that whatever had happened, that clue alone had definitely ruled out the possibility of... suicide. Why, it was logical, I said, that whoever reads the Bible believes in God and therefore...  No? You don't believe it? Well, as a matter of fact, I was right... The woman was found two days later. It was a case of amnesia.
I understand very well. Only I don't want any rash assumptions to be made.
I'm sorry, sir. I didn't mean to put it that way. But, you must understand, sir, that I...
Allow me to inform you that my daughter is not a fugitive.
Without any doubt, sir. If anything belonging to the girl who has run away is still here on this island...
I presume by this method that you'll be able to uncover some new clue, either a handkerchief or an article of clothing... In other words, something which your men have not been able to find as yet.
As you wish.
But even here we were supposed to find who knows what... And all we bring back with us is a crate of cigarettes.
But how could we...at a time like this when we just... well, let's at least first have a look around the other islands. Could be that something might turn up there.
Look... I'd like to get back to Lisca Bianca.
It couldn't have come from anywhere else. At least, somewhere from that vicinity... But I really can't understand it. Contraband cigarettes on that island! It's the first time that ever happened.
And you say that came from Lisca Bianca?
These people are contemptible. They have no sense of dignity at all.
It takes about twenty to twenty-two hours for the current to reach here from Lisca Bianca.
It's already two hours... What are we going to do?
What were you and Anna arguing about?... Excuse me for being so indiscreet, but this is serious...
Maybe you'd better ask him.
Really! Still, it remains to be seen why she invented a shark. What was her purpose in that?
But Anna wouldn't be staying with the kind of people who live here.
Somebody must live here!
Then why don't we go up and see the ruins?
There's no comparison.
More so than the shark?
I think you're very sweet, Corrado.
That's Patrizia's way of letting us know she's with us.
How wonderful!
All I said was that it sounds like a good idea.
Have you decided?
Well, what?
Well?
At the ruins. They're very ancient, you know.
At what?
Say, Claudia, wouldn't you like to climb up with me and take a look over there?
Sounds like the name of a fish -- merluzzo, basiluzzo...
That must be Basiluzzo.
What is that one over there called?
I deserve it.
I don't love you.
Tell me once more.
I love you.
Good night. Tell me that you love me.
Good night, my love.
Late, very late.
You're that sleepy, eh? What time do expect to get up tomorrow?
Sleep is something one must learn to overcome. I learned how to do it when I was a child. I never slept. And I had friends who even slept less than I did. The one who went to bed first, paid a penalty. And we really didn't do anything. After seeing a movie, we'd go to a cafe and discuss things for a while... then we'd sit down on a bench somewhere... listen to some drunkard... watch them putting up posters or manifestoes...or look at the sheep passing by... or go for a stroll around the market place... Or else we'd go and wake up some girl in the neighborhood by standing in front of her window and calling out her name...
I'm too sleepy.
Why?
Sandro, I'm not coming down.
You said you wanted to quit working for Ettore.
Aren't you going to change?
Sandro, listen... Try not to get yourself too involved tomorrow.
I don't doubt it. But at a time like this we're the least suitable persons to be with him. And as far as telephoning him... Who knows where he is?
No, Sandro... We should go. Besides, we haven't been in touch with anybody. Not even with Anna's father. We should have at least sent a wire or telephoned... let's be fair, he must be feeling awfully lonely.
Yes, she started to but I didn't feel like staying to listen to what she had to say. If we had to listen to everybody...
Did the hotel manager speak to you about that place nearby?
Oh, Sandro... I want everything you do. But...
I was only joking, really... Can't I make a joke? And now you've got to tell me why you don't want to.
What are you saying?
And aren't you pleased?... That way you'll have a new kind of adventure.
Sandro, wait a moment, just one moment... You seem like an entirely different person ...
No reason why...
Why?
No, Sandro... Please...
Nothing.
Sandro ...What's the matter?
Okay. In a few minutes.
Then I'll see you later.
So, you wonder why?
But you know it already. Why must I tell you?
As soon as you're ready, you can come down and catch up with me. I'll be waiting for you right outside on the square.
And you leave me here all alone... in this hotel room...
Yes, yes, yes, yes... Right away...
Hurry up now, or it'll begin to get hot outside...
But why am I so infatuated with you?
So... Oh, how I wish that everything were so much simpler... that people could just come together by the color of their hair or the size of their shoes. What size shoe do you wear? Size 9. That's a very lovely size. But I'm sorry, I wear size 8.
That's why I asked you...
And are you sure you want to marry me? Are you really sure...that you want to marry... me?
You look at me as though I had said something foolish...
What do I say? What can I say? No. At least, not yet. I don't know... I can't even think of it... at a time like this... Oh, but why did you have to ask me?
Yes. We'll get married. You and I. What do you say?
What! Get married?
Claudia, let's get married?
I don't know about that. And then, who's interested in beautiful things nowadays?
I'm sure you'd be able to design some very lovely things.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Once they gave me a job to draw up an estimate for the construction of a school. It took me only a day and a half to finish it, and I got paid six million lire. Ever since then I've been doing estimates for other people's designs.
And why did you drop them?
Really, I've got to stop this business with Ettore... I would like to go back and start working on my own projects again. You know, I had many ideas...
So, even if I did say them, I was sincere with her, as I am now with you.
But just think -- the very same things you had said to her who knows how many times... maybe even just before we left, while I was waiting outside your place...
Good. It's better if it were absurd. That would mean nothing much can be done about it.
Because what I'm doing is so ugly ... Because if you told me right now: "Claudia, I love you," I would believe you...
Then why do you say them?
Oh no... It doesn't please me at all...
Does it please you to say such things?
Oh, Sandro... I'm so ashamed of myself, so ashamed...I tried to hide myself...I feel so small... I hate myself ...
What is it, Claudia?
Don't think that I want to save myself from any embarrassment, from the awkwardness of meeting Anna... It's not that; it's that you can say certain things easier if you're alone. Please, Sandro, do try to understand me... It would look like I was trying to influence you, to force you, to control you... and that makes me feel uncomfortable...
Are you joking?
Sandro ... maybe it's best that you go in alone.
Who knows why they all left...
Let's get out of here, fast... This is not a town, it's a cemetery.
Yes... but it's all so conflicting... However, there is some slight indication...
Any news?
But why, Claudia?... Why?
Promise that you won't try to look for me... you shouldn't try to look for me any more...
No, Sandro, please... I ask you as a favor...
Claudia, listen to me...
Me... I... I... Please leave me alone.
And what about you?
No, I'm sure it won't. Move over there. Let's make believe nothing happened. And when we get to the next station, get off.
I think the only way to help ourselves, Claudia, is for us to be together.
But it's so sad. So terribly sad. I'm not used to it, I'm not ready for it... You know... I have never been so upset in my life. Sandro, why don't you help me?
It takes even less.
For me they are exactly as they were when we met three days ago -- just three days ago... don't you realize? And you and Anna... No, I guess they aren't like that any more. My God, is it possible to forget in such a short time, for things to change so quickly?
I'm sorry. I didn't want to sound cynical. But isn't it better to look things squarely in the eye?
Oh, Sandro...
I have no desire to sacrifice myself... It's idiotic to sacrifice oneself... Why?... For whom? If Anna were here I might understand your scruples. But she's not...
But sooner or later we've got to end this relationship. And it's better to do it right now.
I don't know why. I just couldn't help it.
Sandro, I don't want you to come with me, I don't want to see you... How can I make it clear to you?...Why did you come?
But then when will we see each other?
Yes, you should go.
Yes. I had also thought of going there to talk with them...
Have you read it?... They're asking for anyone with information to get in touch with them.
Then I'll go with you.
Yes.
Where are you going?... To Montaldo's?
Yes, maybe that is better.
I think that you might go and have a look yourself.
I know. I keep asking myself what I could have done to prevent all this from happening.
And yet, she seemed to feel that our love for her -- mine, yours, even her father's, in a certain sense -- weren't enough for her, or didn't mean much to her.
Occasionally, but always with affection.
Has she ever spoken to you about me?
Yes, very much so.
You're very fond of Anna, aren't you?
I'm sorry about last night. Please forgive me.
Are you feeling better?
Rather than being so occupied with my thoughts, you would have been better off trying to understand what Anna was thinking.
And I suppose it's my fault... Why don't you tell him that too. That's what you believe, isn't it?
But why don't you tell him?  A girl who was with us has disappeared.
Nothing... nothing at all!
And how do you explain that?
Nothing but the usual argument... The only thing was -- if I remember correctly -- that she said she had a need to be alone.
I... I don't know... I didn't think it was worthwhile... She was laughing over it...
And why do you tell us this only now?
As far as I'm concerned, I think she's alive... Why, even this morning... that business about the shark... it wasn't at all true.
No.
Find anything?
Could be. They're the kind of people who are capable of anything.
I'm beginning to have my doubts. It couldn't be that they're in love?
And why haven't they left each other?
Twelve years ... But why haven't they married?
Oh, no... please... not here.  It looks too dangerous.
Shall we go for a swim?
And that's what I say, too. We could have all been killed.
There's nothing much to laugh at.
But of course... arrogant, haughty... Hasn't Anna ever told you?
How should I be ... arrogant?
Don't be so humble.
That seems to apply to you also...
I have a feeling that you're not used to being alone.
Yes, you're right. I'm sick and tired of being like that.
You should never wish to get melodramatic over anything.
Just several days ago, the thought of Anna being dead would have made me sick. And now, I don't even cry, I'm afraid she might be alive. Everything is becoming so damned simple and easy, even to deprive one's self of pain and suffering.
Now, listen. For God's sake, try not to let yourself become obsessed with that idea. Go to your room and get back into bed.
But what's gotten into you?... We would have known. Sandro must be out in the garden somewhere, taking a breath of fresh air, or watching the break of dawn. It would be a lovely surprise indeed if he turned out to be the sentimental type.
I'm afraid that Anna has come back. I feel she's back, and that they're together.
More or less, we are all afraid. Especially at night.
Patrizia, I'm afraid.
Would you please see if Sandro is with him? He's not in his room. I'm sorry to disturb you.
I imagine he must be inside sleeping.
Patrizia... Patrizia ... Where's Ettore?
It means being without money.
What do you mean by sensible?
My childhood, instead, was a very sensible one.
You shouldn't always take me seriously. Actually, I'm used to it by now. First my mother and now my husband; both of them are like dynamos.
How do you manage to put up with all this confusion? You always said people bore you.
Quieter? Oh, yes, of course.
Shouldn't we try to find a quieter place?
But then why did you bother changing?
I'm not coming.
No.
Do you consider that a compliment?
You say that just to flatter me.
It's divine!
It was futile. We went all over.
But where did you finally end up?
But aren't you tired? I can just about manage to stand on my feet!  Raimondo!
I just can't leave without first searching those islands, one by one.
To do what?
I'm going with the patrol boat to make a tour around the islands.
Calm?... He doesn't seem so to me... He was awake all night.
What amazes me, is Sandro. He seems so calm.
Not really... It's suffocating in here... Shall we go out?
Have you ever been in love?
One would have to be in love with somebody to know that.
He amuses me. I don't know of anything more amusing. Outside of this jigsaw puzzle. Don't you find it so, Claudia?
Oh no; quite the contrary. He's really just a child.
I would say he's pretty depraved.
Tell me, Claudia, what do you think of Raimondo?
Better dead.
Well, with a shark running loose around the place, I for one won't get aboard that raft! They'll have to catch it first. I want to see it right here before my feet, dead or alive.
I think all you have to do, Giulia, is to close the door.
Now what do I have to do to be left in peace?
It couldn't be any clearer.
And tell Corrado, too, that I'm here... if he wants me. You can also tell him that my tiny little heart is beating like mad, and that at this moment, it's the only thing that interests me. Is that clear?
But why all nudes?
They're all nudes, if I'm not mistaken.
Please, do come... Don't leave me alone with him. He's capable of... I don't know... Have you noticed his eyes?
But for what reason should I come there?
Please, you come too...
To the shark.
Who are you talking to?
When one approaches fifty, my dear, he is affected only by the cold.
But how can you carry on a discussion in this heat?
Really! So that you can stuff it with your geraniums.
Corrado, why don't you ask them to give it to us as a gift?
We, too, you know. It was disastrous. First at Panarea, where there weren't any boats... then at Lipari, where everybody was asleep... And the phone call to Rome...
What do you think?
How did you spend the night?... In that hut?... And what did you have to eat?
If it rains, I'll buy myself an umbrella.
But why?... What if it starts to rain?
I'll stay here also.
Please, Giulia; must you always emphasize the obvious? I can see for myself that the weather is changing.
Looks like the weather is changing.
Giulia, that remark is not worthy of our twelve years of honest concubinage. I repeat, once and for all, and publicly, that I admire you. Does that please you?
He never misses a chance to humiliate me, to let me know that he doesn't care about me any more.
But Corrado...  If something is beautiful why shouldn't one say so?
Do you know why? Because if you saw those ruins I'm sure you would have said they were very, very beautiful. You always say "how beautiful" to everything -- whether it's the sea, or a baby, or a cat! You have such a sensitive little heart that it throbs for anything.
Why didn't you ask me to go with you?
Who's moving?
There's a shark in the area. Don't move from where you are!
What happened?
You must know your third grade geography book inside out.
At one time the Aeolian isles were all volcanoes.
I detest comparisons made with oil.
It's as smooth and slick as oil.
I'll go even further and say that her presence here -- I don't want to sound offensive -- could be a great hindrance.
Claudia, I know how you feel, but there are already two of us staying...
Then let's get started... It's senseless to waste any more time.
Let's try to be practical about this. The best thing to do is for all of you to go to the closest island that has a police station, or something, and report the disappearance. I'll remain here... because... well, I don't know, but it seems to me that something may turn up. Anyway, I just don't feel like leaving.
Me?... I no longer have any interest in building... And, then, where can you find boulders of rock like this in Milan?
It's really a fact -- there's nothing new under the sun. Now, look here. Look at this structure... a kind of natural shelter. Sandro, that's how you should design your houses.
Well, we're still in Italy, you know!
There too...
I'm going ashore to take a look around the island. There are some ruins up there...
I think it's possible.
Listen, Marshal... As for there being reasons for going away, anyone of us might have three thousand of them. So you can assume that she had them. What I want to know, is it possible that the smugglers might have taken her aboard?
But for what reason would she have wanted to go away?
I was saying... it might even be possible that Anna had left with them.
I wonder where they could have unloaded the stuff ... Maybe right here at Lisca.
So... the boat we saw yesterday afternoon might have also been that of these smugglers. Could it be possible, then, that Anna...?
Up until now those smugglers were operating only around the Palermo area. This will be a nice surprise for the Lieutenant in Milazzo... Call up headquarters. Bring them up to date and have them give you instructions on what to do with this crate.
We'll try again.
And what are we going to do now?
Yes, yes, of course.
And you expect to find him in here? Go and ask Claudia.
Nothing, nothing  at all. I was just looking for Sandro.
What is it?
Ettore...
It wouldn't really do you any harm to skip a meal.
First let the poor thing have something to eat.
This is Claudia, Anna's friend...  You've never met my husband, have you?
And who is this?
I know we are. But as the years go by, we become even worse. Isn't that so, Corrado?
You men are all so dreadful!
Giulia, don't you understand that the more involved you become with people, the more difficult it is to speak with them?
The trouble with you is that nobody can speak to you, that's all.
Ask her.
Where is she going?
What has everybody got against me this morning?
Let's see you dive from the top of those rocks, Giulia. That would be really sensational.  Come on, Giulia ... your life is much too circumscribed.
I appeal to you more?
But I want to paint you. You appeal to me more.
But why me?... Ask Claudia, she's much more beautiful than me.
Answer me, why don't you try posing? I'll paint you a beautiful portrait.
Don't you ever paint men?
Me... Goffredo, you're mad!  He's mad.
Why don't you try?
But how could they pose like that? I couldn't.
It's strange how anxious women are to display themselves. It's almost a natural inclination.
I thought the model was something obsolete nowadays. Didn't you, Claudia?
Oh, there are as many as one wants.
And where do you find the models?
Because there is no landscape as beautiful as a woman.
Here I am.
Giulia...
Anybody can hold a brush in his hand. All you need is to buy some oils and start painting. Even Rembrandt did the same.
Goffredo is the Princess' nephew. He's eighteen years old, the lucky boy. And, what do you know -- he paints.
I ... I ... wasn't feeling well ... I.. I was sleeping... I don't know anything ... I ... I'm all mixed up and ...
Now look, my men saw it and they also saw you men throwing those crates overboard. What have you got to say about that?
What other boat?
Now, we're getting somewhere! They're beginning to contradict each other.  Now look here, your friend just swore to me that you weren't able to do any fishing at all because the sea was too rough... And what about the other boat?
Yes, sir. Three times.
So that's why you've turned to smuggling, eh? You need the money. Now, I can help you. I can see that you get some assistance from the government. But first there's a little formality we've got to take care of. Just a few questions and then we can all go to lunch... Your friend tells me you dropped anchor three times...
Yes, sir. My sister is sick... and my father, too.
They tell me you have a lot of trouble at home. Is that right?
Ah, no... For me, love comes first. I'm a man, and I know what's what: first love, and then music.
Music, of course. To get a sweetheart, one has to look around, but to get a radio, all you have to do is buy one.
But for you, what comes first: music or love?
Certainly a radio this small is very practical. It's especially useful for... I don't know... for traveling.
Because this is a Chinese radio.
And why wouldn't we have one like this?
No, not like this one.
We have a radio like this, too.
They told me that you were a very nice girl, that you always mind your business... In other words, things of that sort.
And what did they say about me?
So? That's logical. You see, both being gardeners, they spoke about you to one another.
Then it's impossible for her to know me. In the villa where I'm at, we have a male gardener.
Yes, she takes care of the garden.
And who is she? Does she work in Catania?
I tell you this acquaintance of mine knows you and she has often spoken to me about you.
I work there but I'm really a stranger.
I know, I know. One thing at a time.
Another thing; there's an old man who lives here on the island...
Don't worry, we've got everything.
Look, Marshal, with those deep crevasses, you'll need some rope and ladders...
Very well. First of all, I'll have them search the waters around the island. I brought two frogmen with me... Meanwhile, we'll take a look up around here.
Unfortunately, no.
Anything new develop?
Don't mention it... Pleased to be of service any time.
Thank you.
There's the Trinacria Hotel... or the Regina, near the municipal building. As for rooming houses, I don't know...
Then you should also be able to tell me where a young girl might stay in Noto; are there any hotels or rooming houses?
Well...probably at the last stop, which is Noto.
And do you remember where she got off?
I only exchanged a few casual words with her, as one would ordinarily do on a public bus...
Early? Is four in the morning early for you?
And how come you're up so early?
At this time of the year there are so many boats...
Just a moment ago... didn't you hear the sound of a motor?
What boat?
Whose boat is that?
From Panarea. Why?
But where did you come from?
No. The owners are in Australia.
Are you the owner of this place?
Yes, even I had a mother. She was part Austrian, but she was still my mother. My childhood was like a tennis match; they bounced me back and forth, here and there...
Your mother?
Oh, no, not at all. And then you know very well that he'll forgive you anything; just as long as you admit to him that you're a worse driver than he is...
Ettore must be fed up with me by now.
You should have told Ettore. He always manages to get what he wants.
They didn't seem too good.
Did you manage to find good rooms?
Yes, we will.
And here's Sandro.  Why don't you two go upstairs and change?
Good. Then I'll meet you there.
We've decided to go to Montaldo's place. In fact, Ettore should already be there.
I'll go and get my valise.
What do you want us to do? I don't know myself... But we'll do something.
Patrizia, what are you going to do?
I don't see why I should mind.
Listen, Patrizia... The Marshal says there's a current that passes by here and ends up at another island... I don't know which... He wants to send one of his men over to have a look... One never knows... Do you mind if I ask Raimondo to go with him?
But you have to  consider all possibilities, Sandro.
Anna is an excellent swimmer. Even with a cramp, she would have managed to reach shore somehow.
Perhaps she wasn't feeling well... Maybe a cramp or something...
Claudia isn't coming with us. Will you please take care of her luggage? Thanks.
Here I am, Patrizia. I'm always here.
Take it easy, Raimondo. Why are you getting so impatient?
You've made some mistake there with the bushes... that's why you can't finish it.
I know, dammit, I know!  And just think -- if there ever was a woman so right, so perfectly cut out for all kinds of dissipations, degradations, infidelities... of.. . of... of debaucheries, it's her. Well, anyway, she's faithful. Faithful out of laziness... of unwillingness.
You know, I don't love anybody.
Patrizia, don't start in again... I would rather be called depraved. Unless you happen to love children.
If women's breasts were colored, yours would be blue...
Now, tell the truth, aren't you a bit disappointed?... But I already told you...
I detest it. But, after all, what can you do... It's the latest...and I try my best to adapt myself.
Raimondo... Do you enjoy fishing underwater?
Lady Patrizia!
Why have we stopped?
Then let's call it a business proposition. Something to round out your salary.
Pardon me, but why must I do you a favor?
You really must do me this one favor.
Yes, but why do you think our readers would be interested in such news now? Even if I sent it, the editors wouldn't print it.
Yes... of course... But you should also print that in your paper... But right away, tomorrow morning... It's the local Palermo paper, isn't it?... I mean, it's widely read...
About fifty miles or so. If you want, I'll give you the name of the storekeeper.
Is that far from here?
Who knows?... Another one has it that she entered a store in Troina. This information comes from the storekeeper himself who stated that such and such a girl had bought I don't know what in his store... at Troina.
Is that possible?
As a matter of fact, I've already had several phone calls on that article. One said they had seen the missing girl in an automobile somewhere in Rome. Another one said they saw her on the pier talking with some strange sailors... Could be she secretly left the island by boat...
Now listen, if I had any information, I wouldn't have come here to ask you. But I see that you, too, lack any information ...
Oh... I'm sorry I have to rush but I've got to write a story about this thing that just happened... Tell me exactly how it all turned out.
I read one of your articles regarding the disappearance of a girl. I'm that girl's fianc.
No, I'm not. Why do you think she does all this? It's one of the many ways she can put herself on display. When you bait the trap, the mouse will snap. To tell you the truth,  if it wasn't for the fact that one hundred thousand lire represents my whole month's salary, well... But you had something you wanted to ask me?
You're kidding!
She costs a hundred thousand lire.
Wait a moment. Can't you see I'm busy?
I would like to ask you something.
Yes. Until proven otherwise.
Zuria?
That was the beginning, the night of the conception. That's why she burnt the sheets.
I don't know... I don't know...
For what?
I don't know. I don't know what happened Mother, I woke up... there was blood on the sheets, but I don't know what happened.  I don't know what I did wrong, I don't know and I should be punished.
Should you see a doctor?
It's not my time of month.
What do you mean?
It's not that... it's not that...
A few years ago one of the Sisters came to me in tears, asking for comfort, comfort because she was too old to have any children. Not that she wanted to, but once a month she had been reminded of that possibility.
Say it!
Yes, Mother.
How many times have I burned into your thick skull and the thick skull of your fellow novice, that menstruation is a perfectly natural process and nothing to be ashamed of.
They were stained.
Why?
I burnt them.
Then tell me. Where are your sheets?
No.
It made them uncomfortable. And if they didn't sleep well I'm certain the next day they were cranky as mules. Sister where are your sheets?  Do you really believe that sleeping on a bare mattress is the equivalent of sleeping in a coffin?
It made them holy.
We're not in the Middle Ages, Sister.
In the medieval days the nuns and monks would sleep in their own coffins.
Why?
Yes Mother.
Sister Marguerite says you have been sleeping on a bare mattress Sister. Is that true?
Dear Jesus...
I don't know.
Why?
I'm being punished.
Yes, of God.
Of God.
My dear, I don't think a communion wafer has the recommended daily allowance of anything.
No I don't... the host is enough.
You've got to eat something Agnes.
I'm not hungry.
Nonsense, I'm your mother now and I want you to eat.
But she watches... she listens.
Your mother tells you this?... Agnes your mother is dead.
Mommy I'll get bigger and bigger every day and then I'll pop but... but if I stay little it won't happen.
Who?
God blew up the Hindenburg. He'll blow me up, that's what she said...
Oh my dear child.
No... I mean... I mean look at these. I've got to lose weight, I'm a blimp.
Agnes dear, Heaven is not a place where...
I... I am a little child but my body keeps getting bigger and soon I... I won't be able to fit in, I... I won't be able to squeeze into Heaven.
That's not what he meant.
Christ said it in the Bible, he said - suffer the little children, I want to suffer like a little child.
Who tells you these things?
That's because they're suffering... suffering is beautiful, I want to be beautiful.
Agnes...
Look at the statues, they're thin.
Why?
It's a sin to be fat.
Who told you this?
No he doesn't. He hates fat people.
He loves you the way you are.
I do, I have to be attractive to God.
... You needn't worry about being attractive here.
Because...
Why does it matter whether you're fat or not...
I'm a blimp.
Agnes...
I am, there's too much flesh on me.
Oh, for Heaven's sake.
Because I'm getting fat.
Who?
No.
One of the other Sisters?
She'd punish me.
Why?
I can't say.
Who?
Yes.
Through someone else?
No.
He talked to you Himself?
Agnes, it has come to my attention that you have stopped eating. Why is this? AGNES  I've been commanded by God.
I tied the cord around her neck... wrapped her in the bloody sheets... and stuffed her in the trash can.
H... how?
I put her to sleep.
What did you do?
She... left me alone with that little thing, and I looked at it, and I thought this is a mistake. But it's my mistake, not Mommy's. God's mistake.
And then... what did she do?  Agnes what did she do?
Yes.
You saw it all didn't you?
Yes.
She took the baby in her arms?
Yes.
Mother Miriam was with you wasn't she?
I don't remember.
It was alive wasn't it?
It was dead.
Agnes you won't burn in hell. It's alright to hate him.
God!  It was God.  And now I'll burn in hell because I hate him.
Agnes, who did this to you?
I hate him.
Who?
For what he made me go through.
Yes.
I hate him for what he did to me.
Of course you do. Who was it?
I hate him...
Agnes who did you see?
Not your fault...
He frightened you and he hurt you. It's not your fault. It's his fault. Tell us who he is so we can find him. Stop him from doing this to other women.
No...
Agnes it had nothing to do with the hand of God. He did a terrible thing to you, do you understand?
Stay away from me...
Agnes... Agnes...
It's bleeding... I'm bleeding... my God it won't stop, I can't get it to stop.  Let go of me, I wish you were dead.
Yes.
Are you frightened?
Yes.
So she sent you?
From the belltower the day she before she died.
Where?
She'd seen him too.
How did she know about him?
Him.
Who?
So I could go to him.
Why?
Yes.
And the passage to the barn?
The statue. She had shown it to me the day before.
What did she mean?
She said Michael.
I want you to remember if you can a night last January. The night Sister Paul died. Do you remember.
Yes.
Agnes, can you hear me?
Yes.
That's good. Do you feel well enough to stand?
Yes.
Do you remember what just happened?
Frightened.
Alright Agnes... it's alright. One, two three...  It's alright... it's me, Doctor Livingston, it's alright, alright. Thankyou Agnes, thankyou. How do you feel?
No... don't hit me please...
Is someone in the room with you?
Go away, I don't want you here.
Who?
They can't hear me that's why.  Oh God... I don't wanna...
Why isn't anyone coming?
Of me. Oh... God!  My God...  Water... it's all water...
Of what?
I don't know which one 
Which one?
I have to throw up...
What do you do?
I feel as if I've eaten glass.
What do you feel?
Yes.
Are you ill?
For me to get sick in.
What do you think it's there for?
No.
Do you know who put it there?
A wastepaper basket.
Above the bed?  Any... anything else? What do you you see, something different?  What is it?
A crucifix.
What else?
My bed.
Was it Sister Marguerite who knew about the baby?  Alright Agnes, I want you to see your room as you saw it on that night.
Sister Marguerite I think.
Who?
Someone's following me.
What is it?
I left early because I wasn't feeling very well.
Hm hmm.
We went to chapel for vespers.
And then what happened?
I hate them.
You don't like brussel sprouts?
Fish...  ... brussel sprouts.
Hm hmm. What did you have for dinner?
I ate.
Oh don't be, I'm here. It's alright. I want you to tell me what you did before you went to bed.
I'm afraid.
Who?  Who made you promise?  It's alright Agnes. It's alright.  Let's go to your room. It's the night about six weeks ago when you were very sick.
She made me promise not to.
Will she be angry?
I can't tell you that.
Did anyone else know about the baby?
No.
Would you like to tell me?
Yes.
What made it grow?  Do you know?
It grew.
No not yet Agnes, very soon but not yet. How did the baby get into you?
May I open my eyes now?
Why?
Yes.
To be a mother?
Because I wasn't worthy.
Why were you afraid?
Because I was afraid.
Why?
No.
Did you want it to come out?
Yes.
Did you know what was going to come out?
It came out of me.
How did you have a baby?
I had a baby.
But it's easy. It's just a breath with sound. Say it. What kind of trouble?
Of telling you.
Of what?
I'm frightened.
What kind of trouble?  What kind of trouble Agnes?
Because I'm in trouble.
Good. Would you like to tell me why you're here?
To help me.
And why am I here?
Doctor Livingston.
Who am I?
Yes.
You're listening to a chorus of angels. The music surrounds you like a... warm and, comfortable pool of water. And while you're sleeping, you're going to be able to recall, all the things that we want you to remember. And when I count to three and clap my hands, you'll no longer be hypnotised. Can you hear me.
As much as God loves you.
As much as Mother Miriam does?
I really love you.
Do you really love me or are you just saying that?
Oh Agnes, oh Agnes, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, I love you.
I'm not mistake, I'm here aren't I. How can I be a mistake if I'm really here. God doesn't make mistakes, you're a mistake...
You're a mistake.
Yes I am.
Are you intelligent?
No I'm not.
Agnes, you're stupid.
Yes.
Are you pretty?
No I'm not.
Agnes, you're ugly!... what do you say? Of course you do. Agnes, you're ugly!... what do you say?
Alright.
Please!  I want to help you. Let me help you.
I'm afraid.
Agnes, oh Agnes, Agnes I want you to do something. I want you to pretend that I'm your mother. Oh yes, only this time I want you to tell me what you're feeling, alright?
She touches me down there with a cigarette.  Please Mommy, don't touch me like that any more. I'll be good,  I won't be a baby any more.
What?
And then...
Oh, yes.
Her headaches.
How does she know that?
Because she says if I don't watch out I'll have a baby.
Why?
She says my whole body's a mistake.
That you're a mistake?
Yes.
And that you're stupid?
Yes.
She tells you you're ugly?
... take off my clothes and then... she makes fun of me.
Yes?
... makes me...
Yes?
She...
Agnes, I don't believe that. Tell me. I'll protect you from her.
She watches... she listens.
How?
She can.
She can't hurt you any more.
Yes.
She's dead isn't she?
I can't.
You can tell me.
No...
Agnes. What did your mother do to you?  If you can't answer me, just shake your head yes or no. Did... did she hit you?  Did she make you do something you didn't want to?  Did it make you feel uncomfortable to do it?  Did it embarrass you?  Did it... did it hurt you?  What did she make you you do?
I breathed!
What did you do?
I'm always bad.
What did you do?
Only you think you're lucky because you didn't have a mother who said things to you and did things to you that maybe weren't always nice but that was because of me, because I was bad, not her.
Sometimes, yes.
Answer me!  You never answer me.
Agnes...
Everyone's unhappy, you're unhappy aren't you?
And you're unhappy.
That's because you keep reminding me. If you go away then I'll forget.
But you're troubled... aren't you?
I'm not sick.
Agnes, I'm here because I want to help you.
Agnes...
Everything... I don't have children.
What the child?
I was a mistake.
... and that you don't believe you carried a child.
Not my fault.
... that you don't remember getting pregnant...
I can't help it if I'm stupid.
Agnes, I don't believe you know nothing about sex...
If you're trying to get me to say that she was a bad woman and hated me and didn't want me but that's not true, she was a good woman, a saint... 
Is that what she said?
A mistake... it was a mistake...
Agnes, how did your mother get you?
A mistake...
How would that person get one if they didn't want one?
Like you?
From someone who didn't want to have a baby.
If you did want one, how'd you go about getting one?
Because I don't want one.
Why not?
Well I don't think I'm old enough and besides I don't want to have a baby.
Why not?
I could never be a mother.
Did you ever want to be a mother yourself?
Yes.
Agnes, did you love your mother?
She'd get angry.
Why not?  Mmm?
No, but I can never tell her that.
Do you believe she really saw them?
No.
Do you?
No.
Did your mother see angels often?
An angel, when she was having one of her headaches.
I promise I won't laugh. Who told her?
You'll laugh.
Agnes...
I don't know.
Who?
Somebody told her.
How did she know that?
She knew what was going to happen to me. That's why she hid me away.
What things?
I get headaches. Mommy did too... oh, but she wasn't stupid. She knew things that nobody else knew.
You have trouble sleeping?
No. There is nothing else. Just being here at night helps me sleep.
Oh, no place as wonderful as this. Agnes... have you ever thought of leaving the convent for something else?
Where did you go?
It's like hiding from my mother when I was a little girl.
Oh, it's even more wonderful then.
What happens if the bell rings and you're under there?
Oh, I've got to give up smoking. Agnes ... wait a minute... Agnes slow down.
I hope not. It's a terrible thing to be dropped on your head.
I don't understand them either. Do you suppose I was dropped on my head?
Numbers... you can spend your whole life counting and never reach the end.
Like what?
Oh, they frighten me, I'm afraid I'll drop them. They have a soft spot on their heads and if you drop them so they land on their heads they become stupid. I was dropped on my head, that's why I don't understand things.
No wonder... wait... Agnes... Agnes how do you feel about babies?
No, only when she felt like it. She brought me up here last winter and the next day she died.
Sister Paul was in her eighties?  Did she climb up here often?
She said all of God's angels would want to sleep beside me if they could. I liked that.
What else did she tell you?
She was kind to me. She told me I was beautiful.
You liked Sister Paul?
I don't know.
Why should I?
No... do you?
Do you know a Marie?
Well I think they come from... angel lights on their mothers chest and whispers into her ear. That makes good babies start to grow. And bad babies come from when a fallen angel squeezes in down there, and they start to grow, grow, till they come out down there. I don't know where good babies come out. And you can't tell the difference... except bad babies cry a lot... and they make their fathers go away... and their mothers get very ill... die sometimes.
From their mothers and fathers of course. Before that, I... I don't know.
Where do you think babies come from?
What?
One.
Smoking is an obsession with me. Maybe one day I'll become obsessed with something else, then I'll stop smoking... Do you have any more questions?
No questions.
Does it bother you?
Why do you smoke?
I've stopped menstruating
Why not?
I can't have them any more.
Would you like some?
No.
Do you have any children?
Not at the moment, no.
Would you like to be?
No.
Are you married?
Martha Louise Livingston.
What's your real name?
Anything.
Anything?
Just that... you ask and I'll answer.
What do you mean?
Would you like to ask them?
No... no, I don't want to answer any more questions.
Agnes...
No... no, I'm tired of talking, I've been talking for weeks, nobody believes me when I tell them anything... nobody listens to me.
Then let's talk about something else...
I don't understand what you're talking about... you want to talk about the baby... everybody wants to talk about the baby but... I never saw the baby so I can't talk about the baby because... I don't believe in the baby.
Yes I do,  but I want you to...
Don't you know?
Agnes, how are babies born?
I... I don't understand.
After God... before the waste-paper basket.
From God.
Where'd it come from before that?
No, they say it came from the waste paper basket!
Is that where they say it came from... ?
From their heads...
The baby they made up.
What baby?
Where did the baby come from?
Yes.
In the middle of all the pain?
I fell asleep.
And then what?
I got sicker.
And what happened?
I went to my room.
And what did you do?
Down... there.
Where?
Yes.
Did it hurt?
Something I ate.
How were you sick?
No. I was sick.
Do you remember the night they said it came?
I don't know.
Why should they?
I never saw any baby... I think they made it up.
Would you like to talk about it?
You want to talk about the baby don't you?
In the confessional.
Where do you meet?
Oh, yes.
And you like that?
At least once a week.
Often?
Yes.
You've been alone together?
No. But... when I look into his eyes, I can tell.
He's told you?
Oh, I know he does.
Do you think he loves you?
Oh, yes!
Well do you love... do you love Father Martineau?
Oh, there are so many.
Who?
Yes.
Agnes, have you ever loved another man... other than, Jesus Christ?
I love you.
Uh huh.
Right now?
Well, who in particular?
Everyone.
Who?
Yes.
Have you ever loved anyone?
Love.
Second thing that comes to your mind.
God!  But there's nothing to say about God.
First thing that comes to your mind?
Yes.
Anything... may I sit down?
I don't know.
What would you like to talk about.
Let's talk about something else.
Hasn't anyone ever told you that before?
No I'm not.
Was it Sister Marguerite?
That wasn't me.
I just heard you.
No I don't.
You have a lovely voice.
Yes.
Hello. I'm Doctor Livingston. I've been asked to talk to you. May I?
Sister...
Look into the convent records.
What?
???
Agnes?  Who?  Mother Superior?
I've been watching. We were fine 'till she came. She brought the devil here.  There was blood on her hand that night.
And the sooner she goes to prison, the better off she'll be?
The bishop is breathing down our necks.
Why?
The longer you take to make a decision, the more difficult it will be for us.
No... no, excuse me Eve. As quickly as I see fit.
Martha, you have to make a decision on her sanity as quickly as possible and not interfere with due process of law.
Nobody is interested in sending a nun to prison.
Eve, she strangled a baby!
Martha, all we're saying is, no-one wants this to come to trial, not the Church, not the Crown... least of all me.
Are you dictating my position to me? We're getting into some sticky legal territories here.
If I find anything I'll call you.
Thanks. 
You're too involved Marty.  Jesus look at you. Why don't you turn this case over to someone else?
Maybe there's something that's not in the report that should be.
What's the matter with you, you've seen the reports. It's a cut and dried case.
Larry...
You got to be crazy.
I don't know.
What?  You think that the girl is innocent?
Something they... that they overlooked.
I gave you the pictures Marty, what else do you want?
Larry there's got to be something missing.
Marty, what are you doing here?
Larry...
Thanks...
Here you are. Don't let anyone know where you got them.
Tomorrow... tomorrow, I'll get it by tomorrow. I will.
No!
I can get you new evidence next week.
No, no, no...
Next week.
When?
I'll have it.
You have proof?
Oh Joe... Joe she didn't kill the baby.
It's gone on long enough. You're out.
I'll have a decision by next week.
You're getting to all of us Martha, let's face it.
Yes, that's because I'm getting to her.
Why?  You've done nothing to show any progress.
All I want is one more week.
I don't believe this. I don't bloody believe this.
???
Look there are a lot of unanswered questions here.
Would you tell me why the hell this is taking so long.
What about Roger? He's free.
Martha, it's you.
I... I'm Martha, Mama.
Who are you?
Mama, that wasn't Marie, that was me!
I remember when you was a little girl Marie. You come back from the movies and you'd say - Mama that ending was so sad... and I'd tell you they had all the happy endings locked away in a vault in Hollywood.  And you believed me.
Marie's dead Mama.
You know Martha never comes to see me. You watch it, she's going straight to hell... after all the things she said to me. Then she marries that son of a bitch of a Frenchman... has an abortion. I knew that one wouldn't work out. Not like you Marie. You got married to God.
Did you have a good week Mama. Are they treating you all right?
Not any more... now I like chocolate.
I thought cherry-vanilla was your favourite.
Marie brings me icecream too you know. Chocolate... my favourite.
It's Martha, Mama.  There you go.
Who are you?
It's your favourite...
Shut up, I'm trying to watch this.
Hello, Mama  ... brought you something.
Uh huh.
Yes.
The one up on the third floor?
Oh that one there, in the corner.
Sister Anne, which was Agnes' room?
No. We work the land alone. No-one but Sister Marguerite and I are permitted contact with the public.
Well that's a lot of land. You must have help. Do you have field hands that help you?
Oh, we own the land around here. But we rent it out. We keep a few acres for ourselves,  some wheat, corn, some vegetables.
How do you survive?
The convent was built for over fifty. Not many of us left... just us and the chickens.
Well somone's got to suffer for this Doctor. You've got to be merciful and quick. Excuse me.
I don't understand. Are you expecting me to..?
But what you believe makes no difference to us whatsoever Doctor. But it does make all the difference to Agnes.
Look, Father, ah... just because I don't subscribe to the... to the beliefs you subscribe to...
Oh, we just wonder if you can be very objective about this case.
What business is it of yours..?
Do you still go to church?
Who told you this?
And you had a sister who died in the convent.
What does this have to do with..?
Your mother was a resident of Saint Catherines home before you moved her.
Why do you call it an investigation? I never have.
Well you're probably right about that. It certainly can't help Sister Agnes to have this investigation continued for any length of time.
No.
Wasn't it!
Oh, don't do this!
What happened to the baby?
She can't remember.
Agnes, what happened to the baby?
That's enough.
Then she's a liar.
I doubt that's what she'd say.
I left it with her and I went for help.
Before or after you killed the child?
I wanted her to have it when no-one else was around, they would have taken the baby to a hospital and left it with them, but it was such a difficult birth, there was so much blood and I panicked.
You tied the cord around its neck.
No!
And the baby.
I didn't hide it. I put it there for the blood and the dirty sheets.
You hid the wastepaper basket in her room.
That's a lie.
You wanted that child out of the way.
She didn't want any help.
You went to the room to help with the birth.
The scandal...
The baby?
I don't know... too late to stop it.
Too late for what?
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
For what?  An abortion?
I didn't guess until it was too late.
And you didn't send her to a doctor.
Yes.
Did you know she was pregnant?
Is it because she's a nun?
Was it you?
Why do you insist upon pressing...
Who knew she was pregnant?
My God, but you're determined.
I have a few more questions to ask her.
Hasn't she had enough?
Where is she?
This is permission to take her apart.
If you believe this is murder, it is the Crown attorney you have to talk to, not me. And definitely not Agnes.
Who was that person Mother?  Was it you?
I'm concerned about her health.
Because it's murder we're talking about. Aren't you concerned about what she told us about the other person in her room.
Why would I lie?
Oh, would you stop lying Mother!
Who?  That tun... that tunnel hasn't been used in fifty years.
Somebody told her.
That's crazy. How could she find out about it?
There's a tunnel out of the crypt into the barn. Did you know about that? There's an answer Mother. That's how she got out.
Then why are you so obsessed with her? You're losing sleep over her?  You're thinking about her all the time. You're bent on saving her. Why?
That's what I have to believe...
That's what you believe she is?  The sum of her psychological parts?
But she is not an enigma Mother. Everything that Agnes has done is explainable from modern psychiatry. One, two, three, right down the line.
She is an innocent.
But what you are choosing to believe is a lie because you won't face the fact that she was raped... or seduced... or that she did the seducing.
But I want the opportunity to believe. I want the choice to believe.
I thought you didn't believe in miracles today Mother?
You'll never find the answer for everything God did.
But how did it happen?
You're saying God did it?
There as no man in the convent on that night and no way for any man to get in or out.
This is insane.
A miracle is an event without an explanation. If she's capable of putting a hole in her hand without benefit of a nail, why couldn't she split a cell in her womb?
Well give me a reasonable explanation
Don't be ridiculous.
How  ?
Stop laughing, I don't say it's the truth, I'm saying...
My God, you're as crazy as...
Why must he be anybody?
Who is he?
The father!
How?  How?  She hallucinates, stops eating and bleeds spontaneously. Is that supposed to convince me she shouldn't be touched. Give me a miracle.
She's been touched by God, yes.
You think she's a saint?
For Agnes.
For the Church?
One that will approach this matter with some objectivity and respect.
One that will ask the questions you want asked.
If we want to hire a psychiatrist for Agnes. we'll find our own, thank you. 
You're what?
I've just met with the bishop. We're taking you off the case.
NO... no... I said leave her alone.
Stop this, she'll hurt herself  I'm not going to allow this.
Then let's begin.
Of course.
May I be present?
No.
Would it stop you if I did?
The hypnotism. Do you still disapprove?
Begin what?
I'd like to begin.
Listen to her singing.
Do you think Agnes is still attached to God?
Yes, but goodness has very little to do with it. Not all the saints were good, in fact some of them were a little crazy. But... they were still attached to God. Agnes has that birth.  No more... we're born, we live, we die. No room for miracles.  Oh my dear, how I miss the miracles.
Well you can try, can't you, to be good?
Become?  One is born a saint.
Do you want to become one?
Yes I do.
Do you think they ever existed?
There are no saints today. Good people yes, but extraordinarily good people... those I'm afraid we are sorely lacking.
Right.  What do you suppose today's saints are smoking?
And Saint John would chew tobacco.
Oh, you've come a long way baby.
Mary Magdelen?
Right...
Pipe!
Saint Peter?
Even Christ would partake socially.
Hand rolled.
Saint Ignatius would smoke cigars and stub them out on the soles of his bare feet.  And of course 
Long, thin and filtered.
Undoubtedly. Not the ascetics of course but, well Saint Thomas More...
Do you suppose the saints would have smoked if tobacco had been popular back then?
Fine thanks...
All right?
I'm out of prac...  ... practice. 
I'd love one.
Would you like one?  Huh?
No, it reminds me.
My sister died in a convent. And it's her voice I hear.  Does my smoking bother you?
No, because I... yeah, yeah I left the Church cause I had freckles.
So you left the Church because you had freckles?
I wasn't. I wasn't. She was the pretty one. She died, why not me?  I never said my morning prayers. And I was ugly, I was scrawny, I had buck teeth and freckles all over my face, do you know what the nun called me, Sister Mary Clitus, called me Polkadot Livingston.
And what has that to do with it?
That's all?  That's enough!  She was a beautiful little girl.
Stupid woman... and that's all?
It wasn't sex. It was a lot of things, but it wasn't sex. You know when I was in the first grade my best friend was run over on the way to school, you know what the nun said?  She died because she hadn't said her morning prayers.
What have we done to hurt you?  And don't deny it, I can smell an ex-Catholic a mile away. What did we do?  Burn a few heretics, sell some indulgences? That was in the days when the Church was a ruling body. We let governments do those things today. So what did we do to you eh?  You wanted to neck in the back seat of a car when you were fifteen and you couldn't because it was a sin?
Nothing...
What the hell has the Catholic Church got to do with you?
You just said...
Who said anything about the Catholic Church...
Catholic Church doesn't have a corner on morality...
Bullshit yourself!
Bullshit!
Because I am a moral person.
Then why did you call the police in the first place Mother, huh?
She's happy with us and she could go on being happy if she was left alone.
An unhappy woman...
I know you don't.
I don't give a damn about her spiritual health.
Her spiritual health.
The woman's health is at stake.
I haven't decided yet.
Don't deny it!
We'll see about that.
I'd like yours too.
And my permission?
Oh, God.
Because I didn't know... 
Why didn't you do anything to stop her?
I knew that after the fact.
Why didn't you?  You knew she was keeping her home from school. You knew she was an alcoholic.
Oh God, if only I'd known.
There is more here than meets the eye isn't there?  Lots of dirty little secrets.
Oh, dear God.
She molested her!
I don't think I care to know.
Do you know what she did to her?
She drank too much. That's what killed her.
Listening to angels?
Yes.
Like keeping her home from school?
And Agnes' father?
I never saw Agnes until she set foot in this convent. My sister ran away from home. We lost touch with her. And when my husband died and I came here, she wrote to me and asked me if I would take care of Agnes in case anything happened.
No, it just makes you doubly responsible doesn't it?
I didn't tell you because I didn't think it was important.
Your niece!
About what?
You lied to me
Yes. I don't remember where Agnes was. I was needed in the sick room.
Sister Paul?
The twenty third of January. On that night one of our elder nuns passed away.
When was that?
Oh, Dear God, I should have guessed...
What sheets?
The sheets...
What is it?
Oh, Dear God...
Was the child full term?
There's nothing here.
Take at look at it.
Yes.
Do you have a... a diary or a day book?
Nothing.
Visitors to the convent.
Earthquakes?
Do you remember anything unusual happening at the time?
Oh, some time in January.
When would Agnes have conceived the child?
Answers.
All right, what do you need.
Innocence. Legal innocence. I know the judge would be happy for any reason to throw this case out of court.
How?
Aquittal.
What?
There's another choice.
What good would it do. No matter what you decide it's either the... the prison or the nut house and the differences between them are pretty thin.
No, you're shielding her. Let her face the world.
I am...
Then help her.
I am not a virgin, Doctor. I was married for twenty three years, two daughters. I even have grandchildren... surprised? It might please you to know that I was a failure as a wife and mother. My children won't even see me any more, that's their revenge. I think they tell their friends that I've passed on. And don't tell me I'm making up for past mistakes Doctor Freud. 
???   ... virginity, right Mother?  Poverty, chastity and ignorance is what you live by.
???  
And she has a right to know that there's a world out there filled with people who don't believe in God...  ... and aren't any worse off than you Mother. People who've gone through their entire lives without bending their knees once, to anybody. And people who fall in love and have babies and occas- sionally are very happy. She has a right to know that. But you and your... your order and your Church have kept her ignorant...
She is not a child.
... or bullied or what ever you're doing. Who the hell do you think you are?  You go around here expecting applause for the way you treated this child.
I'm only interested...
How dare you think I'm in a position to be pressured...
It's my affair too.
How dare you tell me to run my affairs!
Catholicism is not on trial here. I want you to deal with Agnes without any religious prejudice or you turn this case over to someone else...
I haven't said anything against the the Catholic Church.
The Catholic Church...
I hate ignorance and stupidity.
Nuns... you hate nuns.
What?
You hate us don't you?
And I intend to take her away from Him. That's what you're afraid of isn't it?
God's victim. That's her innocence. She belongs to God.
It's being doing it for centuries. She's not unique, she's just another victim.
I saw it. Clean through the palm of her hand. Do you think hysteria could do that?
Not simple, no.
I know what you're thinking, she's a hysteric pure and simple.
She has it now.
But she didn't... did she. If anyone had seen what I'd seen she'd be public property... newspapermen, psychiatrists, ridicule. She doesn't deserve that.
She had a... a hole in the palm of her hand!  She could have bled to death.
It was healed by the following morning and she started eating again...
Why didn't you take her to a doctor?
About two years before.
This was before her pregnancy?
She stopped eating completely...
And what happened?
I was appalled, just as you are now.
And you weren't shocked?
Shortly after she came to us.
When did you first learn about her... innocence, the way she thinks?
Oh come on, you've talked to her. She doesn't even know how babies are born, let alone made.
Well, it's been known to happen in the day too. Maybe Agnes went to him.
This convent is locked solid. The only one that has a key is Sister Marguerite and she wouldn't let Christ in after dark.
No-one knew about Agnes' pregnancy. No-one. Not even Agnes.
That possibility never occurred to you?
That's absurd!
One of the other nuns found out about the baby and... and wanted to avoid a scandal.
Who?
It's possible isn't it?
You don't really believe something like that happened do you?
That she was unconscious, yes!  So someone easily could have come in the room and killed the...
I've already told you what I thought.
And in your eyes?
No... not in the eyes of the police.
So, someone else could have done it.
She didn't!  This is manslaughter, not murder. She didn't consciously kill that baby. She'd lost a lot of blood. She was unconscious by the time we got to her.
If she's so innocent, how come she murdered a child?
In her case it isn't. She's had very little schooling. Her mother kept her home almost all the time and when her mother died Agnes came here, to us. She's never been out there Doctor. She's never seen a movie or a television show. She's never even read a book.
That's ridiculous...
Because she's an innocent. She's a slate that's hasn't been touched except by God.
How could she have a baby and know nothing of sex or birth?
From other people!  I believe she is not crazy, nor is she lying.
From other nuns...  Yes I... I've noticed.
I believe Agnes is different.
What's your opinion?
Well... what do you think?  Is she totally bananas or merely slightly off centre... or maybe she's perfectly sane and just a very good liar.
And I am not from the Middle Ages. I know what you are!  I don't want that mind cut open.
I am not with the Inquisition.
Exactly. I want you do deal with Agnes as speedily and as easily as possible. She won't hold up under any sort of cross examination.
The science of psychiatry.
Look doctor, I don't know how to tell you this politely, but I don't approve of you. Not you personally...
Well I'm the doctor. I'm the one who's going to decide what is, or is not important here.
Don't ask me those questions dear, I'm not the patient.
Why do you think that?
Yes, but that was some ten months ago. I fail to see that the identity of that somebody has anything to do with this trial.
Look, someone gave her the baby.
She can't even remember the birth. Do you think she'd admit to the conception?
Why haven't you asked her?
Believe me, I've done everything possible short of asking Agnes.
And you didn't try to find out who?
Obviously there was.
Could there have been anyone else?
Father Martineau, but I don't see him as a candidate.
What's his name?
Yes, but I...
Was there a priest?
None as far as I know.
What man had access to her?
I haven't a clue.
Who was the father?
We're examined once a year. Her pregnancy fell in between the doctor's visits.
Didn't she have any physical examinations in this time?
She could have hidden a machine gun in here if she had wanted to.
How did she hide it during the day?
Yes.
Is that normal?
She undressed alone... she bathed alone.
How did she hide it from the other nuns?
No-one.
Who knew about Agnes' pregnancy?
Unfiltered.
I can beat that.
Two packs a day.
You were a smoker?
You must have tons of questions. You may smoke if you want to. Just don't tell any of the Sisters.
... Thank you.
You can call me Sister.
Yes... I...
I'm afraid the word brings up the most unpleasant connatations in this day and age...
... Oh, I'm all heart, Ma'am, all heart ... Well, I let ...
How fascinating. Do go on ...  ... John.
Oh, not at all, I let them have twenty-five; sure aren't there four of them?
The usual ten per cent?
Yes, they were playing the queues outside the picture palaces of Liverpool. Scruffy young lads, lacking even the price of a jam roll. Orphans, every Paddy's son of 'em. I saw their potential at once although I had me doubts about the little fella, a savage primitive, that Ringo, but it was him what gave in first. He picked up a brick and heaved it at me and I quelled him wid one fierce flash of me eyes. "Mister, can you spare us a copper?" he said. I was disarmed by the grubby little outstretched mauler ... So, I took them under me managerial banner.
Of course, John.
The cards... you're bank.
They are?
They're yours.
Your cards... lay them down... face up.
We'd be thrown out.
Lay them down.
Eh?
Lay them down.
Oh.
I'm a deserter, too.
Why aren't you at work?
He's a big head and he fancies himself with it but you know it's all right 'cos he's one of the gang.
How about Ding Dong?
Ginger's mad, he says things all the time and Eddy's good at punching and spitting.
What they like?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Oh, it's all right.
Not much cop without 'em, is it?
Yeah.
Yeah? And they're your mates are they?
Yeah, that's right, they was supposed to come with us but they chickened.
Ding Dong? Oh Ding Dong Bell, eh?
No, Ginger, Eddy Fallon and Ding Dong.
Just you?
Yeah, I've blown school out.
Are you now?
I'm a deserter.
Well that's lovely talk, that is. And another thing, why aren't you at school?
You heard, it gets on my wick.
Y'what?
Oh you can have it, I'm packing it in -- it depresses me.
All right, take your hoop and bowl.
Well --
Fifteen and two thirds, actually.
I bet you're  -- sixteen!
Shurrup!
Gerron out of it, you're only jealous 'cause you're old.
Well, there you are and watch it with that hoop.
Eight and two thirds.
Bet you're only eight and a half.
Nine.
Well! A boy of your age bowling <U>"hoop"</U> at people. How old are you anyway?
Oh don't be so stroppy!
Hoop, this isn't a hoop, it's a lethal weapon. Have you got a licence for it?
Here, mate, that's my hoop, stop playing with it.
He'll be pulp by now.
The police station.
The police have the poor unfortunate lad in the Bridewell.
Sixpence.
Yeah.
Can you fix him for me?
Isn't it always the way? Picking on us little fellas.
Shurrup!
Read 'em!
What about all these letters?
Aren't you supposed to be in that box?
Boys, you don't know what this means to me. If you hadn't come back it would have been the epilogue or the news in Welsh for life.
Oh now, they can't do that to me.  It's all your fault.  Oh yes it is and if they don't turn up I wouldn't be in your shoes for all the...
They'll be here.
You don't think...
But I suppose we can survive a missed run-through as long...
I'll murder that Lennon.
Well, that's it, two minutes to the final run-through... they're bound to miss it...
And hurry, they're not looking too happy.
Sure.
Please do, I'll not need them for fifteen minutes. Thank you.
All right, all right. If you don't need this lot, I'll lock 'em up in the dressing room till you do.
Well!
Spoil sport!
That's right retreat behind a smoke screen of bourgeois cliches. I don't go round messing about with your ear-phones, do I?
Aren't you being rather arbitrary?
If you so much as breathe heavy on them, I'm out on strike.
Oh, surely one can have a tiny touch.
Leave them drums alone.
Eh ... don't call him sir, he's got enough delusions of power as it is.
We're nearly there, sir.
Well, remember, its Leathery Magee up ahead in that convertible, so cover me in the stake-out.
I've made the scene.
I see you go to the night court.
Ah ... a shamus, eh?
Ever seen one of these before?
Oh, yes, now I'm with you. [he changes his accent] But, gee, Mister, I've got my license to think of ... we're doing a hundred now ...
Yeah, you know, "O.K. Buster, follow that car, there's a sawbuck in it for you if you get real close!"
Sorry? 
Well, that's the wrong line for a start.
Would you like to be a little more precise, sir?
No. I don't.
Eh, Ringo, do you know what happened to me?
Do I snore?
You do - repeatedly.
I don't snore.
Bag-snatcher.
Me? Why?
No, I know the psychological pattern and it plays hell with me drum skins.
You never know, you might be lucky this time.
No, she'll only reject me in the end and I'll be frustrated.
Are you going in?
Yeah, I know, that's why I took up the drums. It's me active compensatory factor.
You've got an inferiority complex, you have.
He doesn't like me, honest, I can tell ... It's 'cos I'm little.
Get him out of here. He's knocking the programme's image!!
Have I said something amiss?
Get him out of here!!
She's a drag. A well-known drag. We turn the sound down on her and say rude things.
She's a trend setter. It's her profession!
Oh, yes, the lads frequently gather round the T.V. set to watch her for a giggle. Once we even all sat down and wrote these letters saying how gear she was and all that rubbish.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, you mean that posh bird who gets everything wrong?
Only Susan Campey, our resident teenager. You'll have to love her. She's your symbol.
And who's this Susan when she's at home?
And that pose is out too, Sunny Jim. The new thing is to care passionately, and be right wing. Anyway, you won't meet Susan if you don't cooperate.
I don't care.
You can be replaced you know, chicky baby.
But I won't.
Make a note of that word and give it to Susan. I think it's rather touching really. Here's this kid trying to give me his utterly valueless opinion when I know for a fact within four weeks he'll be suffering from a violent inferiority complex and loss of status if he isn't wearing one of these nasty things. Of course they're grotty, you wretched nit, that's why they were designed, but that's what you'll want.
Yeah, grotesque.
Grotty?
I wouldn't be seen dead in them. They're dead grotty.
Now, you'll like these. You really "dig" them. They're "fab" and all the other pimply hyperboles.
Well, at least he's polite. Tony Show him the shirts, Adrian.
Ta.
Good. Hart, get him whatever it is they drink, a cokearama?
I'll have a bash.
I mean lines, ducky, can you handle lines?
Of course I can.
Well, not your real opinion, naturally. It'll be written out and you'll learn it.  Can he read?
Oh, by all means, I'd be quite prepared for that eventuality.
We want you to give us your opinion on some clothes for teenagers.
Oh, my God, he's a natural.
I'm afraid I don't understand.
Oh, you can come off it with us. You don't have to do the old adenoidal glottal stop and carry on for our benefit.
Look, I'm terribly sorry but I'm afraid there's been some sort of a misunderstanding.
The old mixer, come on we'll have to put him right.
Yes, he's filled his head with notions seemingly.
He hasn't.
Yes. Your grandfather's stirred him up.
We do.
Eh, I don't know if you realise it, but ...
You crawler.
Oh, listen to teacher's pet.
Wake up!
Ringo!
He's sulking again.
What's up?
Ah well. Eh, look!
Sure. .
Well, let's broaden our outlook.
No. I mean, it's probably a honeymoon couple or a company director or something.
Did you look in here?
I don't really know, but it sounded distinguished, like, didn't it?
Now what's that supposed to mean?
Aye, but don't rush. None of your five bar gate jumps and over sort of stuff.
I suggest you just give him the photos and have done with it.
Aye and we'll have to watch it and all.
No, straight up.
Gerron.
Yeah, she was fickle.
A butcher?
You see, he was going to get married but she threw him over for a butcher.
Oh, that's me other Grandfather, but this one's me Grandfather and all.
But your Grandfather lives in your house. I've seen him.
It is, y'know.
That's not your Grandfather.
Sorry.
Well ... come on.
Yes, you're quite a feather in the cap.  Hello, I've got one ... oh, I think so ... yes, he can talk ... Well ... I think you ought to see him.  Of course, right away.
Is he?
You haven't, you're just late.  Oh, yes, he's going to be very pleased with you.
Oh, I'm sorry, I must have made a mistake.
Oh, there you are!
Come here.
What are we waiting for?
I'll look in here again.
It's happened at last, we've become a limited company.
You're getting out of hand. I don't know what's come over you today.
How'd you like a dirty great drum roll giving you a clout right in the middle of your solo?
What do you expect from an ad lib ... Raymond Chandler?
I don't think that bit's right.
Follow your impulse.
Should I say it?
He comes from a large family.
That must have cost you a fortune in stamps, Ringo.
Get in there, Paul, she's weakening.
Come on, Auntie, you're winning.
If I let you have your own way, you little rascal, will you respect me?
Oh, Paul, you can't have your own way!!!
Eh, there's only three of them.
Sorry.
Well, it must be catching. He's given it to the champ here.
Hello, he's not talking to me. He's having a sulk.
The old fella wanted these pictures and Norm said he couldn't have 'em, all I said was 'aw go on, be big about it.'
Well, what happened?
No, I didn't you did ...
Oh aye, but I thought ...
It's Paul's grandfather.
Morning!  Who's that little old man?
Of course.
See you.
Yes.
Aye, it is but as long as you get by, it's all right, you know ... bash on, happy valley's when they let you stop. Anyroad, I'd better get back.
Pity.
Me? Oh, I don't have the time, I'm always running about with the lads ... no, we don't have the time.
And what do you do about it?
And cunning.
Well, it's nice to know you think we're clever.
Oh, definitely, it sticks out a mile, she's trying to get him to marry her but he doesn't want ... well ... I don't reckon any fella's ever wanted to get married. But girls are like that, clever and cunning. You've got to laugh.
And you honestly think that's what she meant?
Of course ... Look, if she was a Liverpool scrubber ...  Eh, fella, you want to try pulling the other one, it's got a full set of bells hanging off it ... Y'what? ... I know your sort, two cokes and a packet of cheese and onion crisps and suddenly it's love and we're stopping in an empty shop doorway. You're just after me body and y'can't have it ... so there!!
Is she?
Well, look at it this way, I mean, when you come right down to it, that girl, she's a bit of a scrubber, isn't she?
Not really but I'm probably not a toffee maker. How would you do those lines of mine?
No, hang on, I've not gone daft. You see, when I was little me mother let me make some treacle toffee one time in our back scullery. When I'd done she said to me, "Go and give some to the other kids." So, I said I would but I thought to meself, "She must think I'm soft." Anyroad, I was eating away there but I wanted somebody else to know how good it was so in the end I wound up giving it all away ... but I didn't mind, mind, 'cos I'd made the stuff in the first place. Well ... that's why you need other people... an audience ... to taste your treacle toffee, like. Eh ... does that sound as thickheaded to you as it does to me?
Well, you've got to have people to taste your treacle toffee.
Why selfish?
Why? I mean, which are you, scared or selfish?
I only enjoy acting for myself. I hate it when other people are let in.
... all this and a jam butty too!!
What of? Look, I wouldn't do it unless I was. I'm dead lucky 'cos I get paid for doing something I love doing.
Is it really fab or are you just saying that to convince yourself?
We do, you know. We sound like us having a ball. It's fab.
I bet you don't sound like real people.
I'm in a group ... well ... there are four of us, we play and sing.
What are you?
Oh, I don't know, anyroad up, they never are, are they?
They ought to be.
Aye well, actresses aren't like real people, are they?
But that's not like a real person at all.
No ... I wouldn't say that ... just like an actress ... you know.
But the way you did it then sounded so phony.
Oh aye, a sledge.
The big hammer?
Well, the way you were spouting, like ....  "I don't believe you, sir..." and all that. Yeah, it was gear.
What's that mean?
Aye, I knew you were.
Yes.
Oh, I see. You are an actress though, aren't you?
No.  I'm a walk-on in a fancy dress scene. I just felt like doing those lines.
Oh, you're the understudy, sort of thing?
I'm not ...
You don't half slam the door in people's faces, do you? I mean, what about when you're playing the part, like, hundreds of people'll see you and ...
Don't mench ... well, why don't you give us a few more lines, like?
Thank you.
Aye, the big hammer, smashing!
Gear?
Yeah ... I mean, sure, well, I took it at school but I only ever heard boys and masters saying those lines, like, sounds different on a girl.  Yeah, it's gear on a girl.
I see.  Do you like the play?
Something like that.
Are you pulling my leg?
Is it ... is it, really?
Oh, it's the way you talk.
How'd you guess?
You're from Liverpool, aren't you?
D'you know something, "They" don't worry me at all. Anyroad, I only fancy listening to you ... that's all but if it worries you ... well ...
I'm warning you, they'll be back in a minute.
I've got you worried, haven't I?
Are you supposed to be here?
Oh, sorry I spoke.
Go away! You've spoilt it.
Well ... go 'head, do the next bit.
Oh!
Nothing good.
What are they saying?
Lip reading.
What are you doing?
That's what they want you to think. All coppers are villains.
Oh, they seem all right to me.
And if they get you on the floor watch out for your brisket.
Me!
That sergeant's a body-blow veteran if ever I measured one. One of us has got to escape. I'll get the boys. Hold on son, I'll be back for you.
Have they?
Keep your voice down, this lot'll paste you, just for the exercise. Oh they're a desperate crew of drippings and they've fists like matured hams for pounding defenceless lads like you.
What?
Shush! Have they roughed you up yet?
Well I'm not exactly a voluntary patient.
Ringo, me old scout, they grabbed yer leg for the iron too, did they?
I'm going parading before it's too late!
Where are you off to?
I'm not wrong.
You're only right.
Yeah ... funny really, 'cos I'd never thought of it but being middle-aged and old takes up most of your time, doesn't it?
When you could be out there betraying a rich American widow or sipping palm wine in Tahiti before you're too old like me. A fine neat and trim lad the class of you should be helping himself to life's goodies before the sands run out. Being an old age pensioner's a terrible drag on a man and every second you waste is bringing you nearer the Friday queue at the Post Office.
Yeah ... a bloomin' book!
A book!
Yeah ... what's in it for me?
And what's it all come to in the end?
Yeah ... that's right.
And that lot's never happier than when they're jeering at you ... and where would they be without the steady support of your drum beat, I'd like to know.
Oh ... I dunno.
Do you think I haven't noticed ... do you think I wasn't aware of the drift? Oh ... you poor unfortunate scuff, they've driven you into books by their cruel, unnatural treatment, exploiting your good nature.
What's that mean?
So you <U>are</U> a man after all.
Aaah ... stop picking on me... you're as bad as the rest of them.
At least I've a backlog of memories, but all you've got is that book!
Eh ... you're a bit old for that sort of chat, aren't you?
You're living, are you? When was the last time you gave a girl a pink-edged daisy? When did you last embarrass a sheila wid your cool appraising stare?
Well, I <U>am</U> living, aren't I?
That's it, parading the streets ... trailing your coat ... bowling along ... living!
Parading?
Parading's better!
Books are good!
Any old where ... but not our little Richard ... oh no! When you're not thumping them pagan skins, you're tormenting your eyes wid that rubbish!
Out where?
Can you now? Aah ... sheeps' heads! You learn more by getting out there and living.
You can learn from books.
Have you no natural resources of your own? Have they even robbed you of that?
Well ... what's the matter with that?
Will you ever look at him, sitting there wid his hooter scraping away at that book!
Quite right, invites to gambling dens full of easy money and fast women, chicken sandwiches and cornets of caviar, disgusting!
Ah.
You see, sly villains.
Would you two like a cup of tea?
Get Lloyd George over there with that mechanic in the cloth cap while I sort this lot out.
I'm soldier of the Republic, you'll need the mahogany truncheon for this boyo. A nation once again.
What's he on about?
I'll go on a hunger strike. I know your caper. The kidney punch and the rabbit-clout. The third degree and the size twelve boot ankle-tap.
Eh?
You ugly, great brute you, you have sadism stamped all over your bloated British kisser.
Is there a fire, then?
Well, you got me here so do your worst but I'll take one of you with me.  Oh, I know your game, get me in the tiled room and out come the rubber hoses but I'll defy you still.
But I'm clean.
You see.  You know your trouble -- you should have gone West to America. You'd have wound up a Senior Citizen of Boston. As it is you took the wrong turning and what happened, you're a lonely old man from Liverpool.
Who are these ruffians?... I've never seen them before in my life! ... 
Stay where you are everybody this is a raid and we want him.
It's your nose, y'see. Fans are funny that way. Take a dislike to things. They'll pick on a nose...
That'll keep you busy.
Every morning.
That's right; convict without trial ... Habeas corpus.
Before you go, I think it's only fair to warn you about me Grandson ... don't let our Paul have his own way all the time, 'cos if you do he won't respect you!
Come on let's get this coffee.
I'll look after meself.
And we're looking after him, are we?
He can talk then?
Hello.
Hello, Grandfather!
Here, Pauly.
And another thing, where's that old mixer?
We've just finished, Pauly. Hey George, write us your John Henry on this picture.
Anything to spare?
Well, it may be a joke, but it's his nose. He can't help having a horrible great nose, it's the only one he's got. And his poor little head's trembling under the weight of it.
Oh for Pete's sake, It's only a joke.
Don't mock the afflicted, Pauly.
With a trombone hooter like yours it'd be unnatural if you didn't.
And I take a left-handed view of life, I've got to.
Well, don't be daft, I've got to.
Why do you always use your left hand?
Yeah ... so what?
You're left-handed, aren't you, Paul?
Oh, it's all right for you but those two girls were scared to death! Honest, Grandad, why? I mean, why do you do these things?
A harmless bit of fun, aah, none of you have any sense of humour left these days.
All right, how about Ringo? I mean ... he's very upset, you know ... and as far as your girlfriend, little Audrey's concerned, she's finished with men for the rest of her natural, and another thing ...
Don't dramatise.
And to think me own grandson would have let them put me behind bars!
Oh, well that's all right.  What?
It's all taken care of. It's down on our bill.
Oh no, you're not. You've gone too far this time ... and who's paying for all this?
I think you're soft or something.
Hiding.
What are you doing there?
Aye, come on, honest, that grandfather of yours is worse than any of you lot.
Well, what are we waiting for?
You're undressed. Where are your clothes?
Aye, he looks a right lurker.
For Ringo.
Is that yours?
Oh yes, he's clean all right.
Clean though, isn't he?
That's all right then.
No, that's his other one.
That's right, but he's only asking us to pay attention to him, aren't you?
Look he's a mixer and a trouble maker!
Practising to be thick-headed, you're there already.
Y'what?
You needn't bother.
What's old got to do with it?
Aw, leave him alone Paul, he's back, isn't he? And it's not his fault he's old.
Well, I got a few things to say to you, two-faced John McCartney.
Can't he? He's done it, son!
We've got only half an hour till the final run-through. He can't walk out on us.
So's mine.
She's going to show me her stamp collection.
Nothing, he's trying to brainwash me and give me personality doubts ... oh, he's a swine but a clever swine, mind.
What's he know?
Foreign devil ...
Behave...
Eh, don't take out me lines.
You won't interfere with the basic rugged concept of my personality, will you, girl?
Aye, before anyone stops us.
Let's go and muck in.
Well, I've got me gob stopper.  Look, a genuine Stradivarius, hand tooled at Dagenham.
Like what?
Gaw, it's depressing in here, isn't it? Funny...  'cos they usually reckon dogs more than people in England, don't they? You'd expect something a little more palatial.  Come on. Let's have a little action. Let's do something, then.
Oh, it's a laugh a line with Lennon.  Anyroad up ... It's all your fault.
Don't worry, son, we'll get you the best lawyer trading stamps can buy.
Will you stop it! Sorry to disturb you, miss...
We've broken out, oh, the blessed freedom of it all!  Eh, have you got a nail file, these handcuffs are killing me. I was framed. I was innocent.
Don't be callous.
I hope he fell off.
Shall I?
Give 'em a pull.
Shurrup! Look, Mister, we've paid for our seats too, you know.
Gie's a kiss!
Him, he costs you a fortune in breach of promise cases. He's a villain and a right mixer as well.
He's got you worried, then?
Aye, that's what I'm afraid of!
Oh yeah, he's very clean, y'know.
Eh, he's a nice old man, isn't he?
Oh, I see.
No ... it was his sweetbreads. She was dead kinky for sweetbreads. Anyroad, me mother thought it'ud give him a change of scenery, like.
Aye and fond of fresh meat and all.
Well, me mother thought the trip 'ud do him good.
Well we know that but what's he doing here?
Well ... everyone's entitled to two, aren't they, and this is me other one.
How d'you reckon that one out?
Oh, that one. That's me Grandfather.
That little old man.
What little old man?
Eh ... pardon me for asking but who's that little old man?
You're a swine. So hurry up ... we're travelling!
What?
No, you look here, John. I've only one thing to say to you.
Now, look here, Norm ...
You've got a midnight matinee.
Tonight? We can't make it ...
The office was on the phone, they think it'd be better if we pushed straight to Wolverhampton.
Aye, let's try the dressing room.
Control yourself or you'll spurt. He's bound to be somewhere.
Hi, our lot!
Hi Norm!
Oink! Oink!
John, I'm talking to you. This final run through is <U>important</U>. Understand? Important.
Gear! Come on, girls, let's have a bit of a dance.
They're nearly ready for you. They're just finishing the band call.
I would though.
You wouldn't!
Leave him alone, Lennon, or I'll tell them all the truth about you.
Sit down, the lot of you.
Leave him alone, he's got swine fever.
Oh shurrup and come on John. They're waiting for you in the studio.
Don't cane me, sir, I was led astray.
Come on speedy!
Let's have you.
Well, you shouldn't have had bacon for your breakfast, you cannibal.
Will you all stop it, you're like a gang of school kids. I knew this was going to happen one day.
Aye, well, now! 
We were going to do it.
Now get on with it.
Come on, Shake, we'll leave 'em to their penmanship.
It's all right for you, you couldn't get a pen in your foot, you swine.
I'll brook no denial!
Well you're not going.
Oh, it's got round that you're a heavy punter.
Hello the income tax have caught up with us at last.
Paul, John, George - get at it.
No, you can't. Look, as soon as I tell you, run through this door here and into the big car that's waiting.
Ah, go on, you swine.
No.
Please, can I have one to surge with?
Don't move, any of you. They've gone potty out there. The whole place is surging with girls.
No ... he's must have slipped off somewhere.
Of course, he's concealed about me person.
Eh, have you got Paul's grandfather?
He started it.
If you're going to have a barney I'll hold your coats.
You're a swine, isn't he George?
Are you listening to me, Lennon?
Thanks.
I knew I could rely on you.
Mind you, I stood up for you, I mean I wouldn't have it.
Is it? Is it really?
It's all over the place, everyone knows.
What have you heard?
That's what you tell me.
No I don't, he's only a casual acquaintance.
Aye, but you know him well.
I would have said so.
Is it?
Well, yes your nose is. Very.
And my nose...
Oh yes.
My eyes are lighter.
Oh you do, look.
Oh do I? You're the first one who ever said that.
Well, you look like him.
I'm not, no.
You are.
No, I'm not.
Oh you are, I know you are.
No, not me.
Oh, wait a minute, don't tell me you're ...
Hello.
Hello.
He'll get over it.
Well!
Since you ask, yes.  Aah, come on, Ring, we love you.
That's right. It's always me, isn't it?
Well ...
Temper! Temper!
Oh, leave off!!!
He's betrayed the class.
Aah, shurrup, misery!
It'll only get you into trouble.
Well, that's just your opinion. Do I snore, Paul?
You're a window rattler, son.
Don't start. Look.
Where's my grandfather?
No, we're not!
Aren't we ...
I've got the stuff. Come here.
Aye, I suppose so.
Don't worry about him. He can look after himself.
Eh, where's my grandfather?
You've lost him.
Don't exaggerate.
Have <U>you</U> lost him?
You two have never had a quarrel in your life and in two minutes flat he's got you at it. He's a king mixer. Adam and Eve, meet the serpent. Anthony and Cleopatra, there's your asp. Divide and Conquer, that's this one's motto. He hates group unity so he gets everyone at it.
Y'what?
I knew it, <U>he</U> started it, I should have known.
Your Grandfather pointed out Shake was always being taller than me just to spite me.
And?
Don't be cheeky, I'll bind him to me with promises. Come on, Grandad.
Well, look after him. I don't want to find you've lost him.
Oh, all right. Come here, Grandad.
Do I have to raise me voice?
But...
Look after him.
Someone put it on me.
What do you think are you're up to?
I don't need you to defend me, y'know, Norm.
Stop picking on him.
Good lad, Ringo.
Oh dear, I feel like doing a bit of work.
When I tell you to stay put, stay put.
Well ...
Have done, and you lot get your pens out.
That's mine.
Sorry.
None for me, then?
Ah well, there you go. Look, I'm going down the diner for a cup of coffee, are you coming?
He belongs to Paul.
Shurrup, cheerful.
... as they head up for the show. Oh yes, well I mean it'ud be a pity to miss the show, wouldn't it like.
Clever.  George.
I'm adjusting the decibels on the inbalance.
I know, that's the trouble.
Nerves.
What?
But John hasn't got any.
Oh no... this is a battle of nerves between John and me.
You're imagining it. You're letting things prey on your mind.
He's out there somewhere, causing trouble just to upset me.
That's too easy for Lennon.
Oh they've probably gone to the canteen, cup of tea, like.
Well, give a couple of minutes ...
Yeah, down the ... er ...
Oh, down the ... er ...?
Down the ... er ...
Oh, I didn't notice, where'd he go?
Paul's grandfather.
Who?
He's been gone a long time.
Well, you don't have to rub me nose in it. I've a good mind to ... 
I'm sorry Norm, but I can't help being taller than you.
I can't help it, I'm just taller than you.
Well, you stick to that story, son.
It's not my fault.
Yeah, you want to watch it.
Get knotted!
Eh. I thought you were looking after the old man.
You were twanging too loud.
What's the matter with you? You were bashing away like a madman.
Yeah, It's all your fault, getting invites to gambling clubs. He's probably in the middle of an orgy by now.
Oh, he's gone to my club, has he?
And they want me?
"The Management of Boyd's takes pleasure in requesting the company of Mr. Richard Starkey, that's you, in their recently refinished gaming rooms. Chemin de Fer. Baccarat, Roulette, and Champagne Buffet." Blimey!
Well ... if he's your Grandfather, who knows?
Course he can talk. He's a human being, like. Isn't he?
Oh ... he's nursing a broken heart.
How's that?
Oh, anything you say, Paul.
I'll set John on you!
I'm an electrician, not a wet nurse, y'know.
Shove the gentleman jockey in the make-up room or something and keep your eye on him, will you?
Oh, him... He's been lurking.
Eh, what's all this?
He can't be far.
You can't trust you with anything, Norm, if you've lost him, I'll cripple you.
Put it this way, he's mislaid him.
Well, he can't stop here.
Yeah, but he insisted on us bringing him to the station.
So you just brought the old chap out of the crowd for his own good.
A proper Aborigine.
Oh, a little savage, is he?
I've got a little list here. Wandering abroad. Malicious intent. Acting in a suspicious manner. Conduct liable to cause a breach of the peace. You name it, he's done it.
What is he?
No.  Just some horrible dreams about smothering.  Where are we?
Do you remember the pyramid?
... I don't know...
Dell, what's the last thing you can remember?
Not exactly, just feel like somebody's been beating me with rubber hoses for about six years.
Are you in pain?
Not sitting on our butts in here, that's for sure.
There could be a whole city out there and we'd never see it.
Or something will be able to see us.
Good!  Maybe we'll be able to see something then.
Nine hundred meters and dropping. 800.  700.  Hang on gentlemen.
Engines off.
Kill drive engines.
Locked.
Hell, no!  We don't know what's down there on that piece of rock!  It might be dangerous!  What we should do is get on the radio to the exploration authorities... and let them deal with it.
Hell, we're equipped --
If there is some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid, it'd be a serious mistake for us to blunder in unequipped.
I'm not kidding.  You can get one if you have the credit.  Look just like real cows, too.
Cattle ranch!
I'm going to buy a cattle ranch.
Yeah, it's you all right.
I feel like shit...
Is that you, Roby?
Oh... God... am I cold...
<u>OH GOD IT HURTS SO BAD</u>!
Breathe deeply.
I don't know... I'm getting these <u>CRAMPS</u>!
What's wrong?
I think that's a pretty reasonable request.
I'm really starving; can we get some food before we go into the freezers?
God I'm hungry.
Hell, you're in great shape, you've got your sense of humor back!
Don't remember nothing.  Can't hardly remember my name.
Don't you remember?
Wretched.  What happened to me?
How do you feel, Dell?
Yeah, but this is hard work.  Can't talk now.
What was that Dell, I lost you, do you read me?
Yeah, I'm okay.  Haven't hit bottom yet.  Definitely a column of warm air rising; it keeps the shaft clear of dust.
Are you okay in there?
Take care.
Okay, I'm in the mouth of the chimney now, and I'm starting down.
No, I want to go in.
Dell, you want to come down, we can figure out where to go from here.
Can you see anything in the hole?
No, it's too small, only room enough for one person.
Can we come up?
Sure.
You want to try?
Maybe we can get in by the top.
What is it, I can't --
I was scanning the horizon to see what I could pick up.  Look there, on that screen.
Take a look.
What is it?
I'm on my way.
Well, the sun just came up again, and it seems the wind's died down. It's as clear as a bell outside. There's something I think you ought to see.
What's up?
Chaz, this is Dell.  Can you come topside for a minute?
This is Chaz.
But functioning.
Just machinery.
No, you'll follow me.
I'll go first.
Martin, we're going in.  I'm going to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on.
Looks like a derelict.
Appears to be a door hanging open, the entrance is clogged with debris.
Receiving.
I'm sending.  Do you hear me?
Martin, would you run me an atmospheric?
Close enough to walk to!
Drop begins... now!  Fifteen kilometers and dropping... twelve... ten... eight and slowing.  Five. Three.  Two.  One kilometer and slowing.  Lock tractor beams.
Then take her down.
It's... basalt.  Rock.
Is it solid?
Well, line of sight is impossible due to dust.  Radar gives me noise. Sonar gives me noise.  Infrared -- noise.  Let's try ultraviolet.  There. Flat.  It's totally flat.  A plain.
What's the terrain down there?
Approaching point of origin.  Closing at 20 kilometers, 15 and slowing. Ten.  Five.  Gentlemen, we are directly above the source of the transmission.
Activated.  Vertical drop checked. Correcting course.  On tangential course now, orbiting.  Crossing the terminator.  Entering night side.
Activate lifter quads.
I'll see what I can do.
Dell, I want greater magnification. More surface detail.  I want to see what this place looks like.
There are no commercial lanes out here.  Face it, we're out of range.
Except it will take 75 years to get a reply back.  Don't forget how far we are from the Colonies, Martin.
Point eight six.  We can walk on it.
Gravity?
Yeah.  Two hours.
Any rotation?
That's what I'm going to do.
Can you get it a little closer?
Just short of Zeta II Reticuli.  We haven't even reached the outer rim yet.
Where the hell are we?
I got it.  Oh boy.
Dell, plot our location.
I don't recognize that constellation.
Sandy, scan the whole sky.
Where's Irth?
Yes.  There are two points of salient interest.  Number one: it is highly systematized, indicating intelligent origin.  Number two: certain sounds are inconsistent with the human palate.
Just <u>hold it</u>, <u>hold it</u>!  Computer: have you attempted to analyze the transmission?
Unknown.
Computer, what language was that?
Play it for us, please.
I have recorded the transmission.
A voice transmission.
A transmission?
I have intercepted a transmission of unknown origin.
Computer, this is Captain Standard. What conditions are you talking about?
The reaction has proceeded too far. The core has begun to melt.  Engines will overload in 2 minutes, 35 seconds.
Computer!  I've turned all the cooling units back on!  What's wrong?
Hold it, I can't hear a damn thing!
I have a temporary sequence on the monitor --
Yes!
It is none of the 678 dialects spoken by technological man.
Unknown!  What do you mean?
I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise.
What?  <u>Why</u>?
I have interrupted the course of the voyage.
It's still in the ship?
It's monstrous -- it grew, like some horrible tapeworm.  We were completely unprepared.
Dead!
Dead.
What happened?  Where's Sandy?
All over the ship; we'll have to check the charts to know for sure.
Where does that go?
Bulbs burned out, nobody bothered to replace 'em.
What happened to the lights?
That way.
Okay.
Machine's screwed up, I can't tell. Needle's spinning all over the dial.
Where's it coming from?
We have to avoid injuring it.  What we really need is some electric animal prods.
We could cut a section out of that metallite netting.  It won't hold up to that acid, but aside from that it's pretty strong.
Shit...
But we can't kill it.  If we kill it, it will spill all its body acids right through our hull and out into space.
I didn't say it was bad for you, it's just kind of sickening, that's all.
Yes, I know what they make it out of, so what?  It's food now.  <u>You're</u> eating it.
You know what they make this stuff out of?
It grows on you.
You like this shit?
It couldn't translate the whole thing, only three phrases.  I'll just read it to you the way I got it:  "... HOSTILE... SURVIVAL... ADVISE DO NOT LAND... "  And that's all it could translate.
What do you mean?
The computer's translated the alien signal, and it's kind of alarming.
Why, what's wrong?
Jay, we've got a problem.  I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability.
Yes?  What is it?
Yeah, okay.  Go ahead.
Sorry to interrupt, but I'm gonna charge up the engines for a minute, okay?
Not <u>they</u>... <u>he</u>...
What?
<u>He</u> died.
How's it coming on the engines?
Yeah!
Hello, Faust!
Right.  Talk to you.
Well, get started.
Hard to say.
How long to fix?
Has the hull been breached?
Just a minute, hold it, I'm checking.
Right.
Well, uh... good luck.  I hope you won't need me, but if you do, I'm here.
-- And the cooling unit on the other.
That one section of the ventilator shaft has only two outlets -- you notice?  The food storage room on one end --
The water will still recycle.
And then we run out of food and oxygen.
What was that?  What the Christ was that?
Oh, no.  Oh, no.
Well, we should at least be able to each buy our own planet.
Boy do I feel a lot better.  It's a straight shot back to the Colonies, and then we can start taking bids on the paydirt.  Any bets on the top bid?
Is it alive?
Oh -- God -- oh --
Don't know -- maybe we'll be real lucky and he just broke his neck.  I knew we shouldn't of come down here.
Hurt!  How?
Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow.
What the hell's going on?
And be right back.
Right. 
All right... but do <u>not</u> go below decks.
You just sealed it off; it can't get to that section.
No, I don't want us separated.
There's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge.  I'll go get it.
Right.
Meet us on the bridge.  Be careful -- it's <u>huge</u> now.
Hey, are you guys still there? What's going on?
Poison gas...
So it's trapped in between -- now we have to drive it out.
Well we better do something.
It looks completely different from the first one -- it's more like a worm with legs... and tentacles.
All right -- Roby and Melkonis will go with Faust.  Hunter and I will make up the second team.
It's clear.
I hope not.
Might even incinerate the damn thing.
No, we can't afford to lose that much oxygen.  We're going to have to flush it out.
We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship.  That would kill it.
So does anybody have any suggestions?
I kind of like it.
Oh it's okay.  I've had better cag than this, but I've had worse too, if you know what I mean.
Just hold us together till we're in space, that's all!
This dust is getting clogged in the intakes again!
The engines are fixed.
What?
Hey, guess what?
Here, let me try.
It's really on there tight.
Right.
Then why the hell are you sitting around here?
Oh -- I'm not near ready yet.
And when will you be ready to do that?
Well... I'm going to have to blow the engines out...
Jay... how's it coming on the repairs?
Damn it!  How long to fix?
Martin, this is Jay.  The intakes are clogged with dust.  We overheated and burned out a whole cell.
We'd be sitting ducks in the freezers.
We can't go into hypersleep with that thing running around loose.
You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits...
It's a crude symbolic language -- looks primitive.
Isn't there some way we can get it off him?
It makes me sick to see him like that.
Hell of a defense mechanism.  You don't dare kill it.
But this thing uses it for <u>blood</u>.
I never saw anything like that in my life... except molecular acid.
It's eating a hole in the floor!
God, that smoke's poisonous!
How about cutting it off?  We can't pull it loose, but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer, where it's stuck to his face.
We don't know what might happen if we tried to kill it.  At least right now it's keeping him alive.
Well, can't we kill it?  I mean, we can't leave the damn thing on him.
We can't expect to understand a life form like this.  We're out of our back yard.  Things are different here.
Yeah, but how?  His nose and mouth are blocked.
Blood's thoroughly oxygenated.
How does he breathe?
<u>He's</u> the only one that knows that.
Where did it come from?
Yeah... well, maybe he should have.  I mean, you brought the goddamn thing in here.  Maybe <u>you</u> deserve to get slapped.
He wouldn't open the lock; he was going to leave us out there.
I can't, the acid will pour out!
The flamethrower!
Let me go first; you stay behind me.
It must have stopped moving.  I'm not getting anything.
Whoever's doing the herding is gonna have their hands pretty full.  I think somebody should stay by the lifeboat to slam the door on the thing once it's inside, and to serve as... as... 
Well... now we have to herd that thing up here.
What we really need is some red meat in here for bait.
It will be.
No... the risk is too great.  Perhaps after we've destroyed the thing.
Should we go outside and bring him in?
The ship's gravitational attraction must have drawn him back.
Right.  We've got a lot to accomplish.  Let's get moving.
The flamethrower needs more fuel.
You can't say that; I think it's a good plan.
We can load the lifeboat up with explosives and trigger them remotely, once the lifeboat is in space.
Good!  That's good!
If we could just get the <u>creature</u> into the lifeboat, we could launch it into space and blow it up.
It's time for drastic remedies.
<u>How</u>?
I don't buy that.  There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers.
Oh no!  We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men!
Does anybody know what happened?
Oh my God.
We've got six hours left.
Thing is, I'm about out of fuel.
That's right -- we can't kill it on the ship, but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock.
Listen, it sure didn't like this flamethrower.
At least it can't get up here now.
We'd better seal off the lower maintenance level; at least trap it there. 
Got a better idea?
Sounds like a rough one.
While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net.
The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out.
We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit!  It'll flood the whole ship!
Don't be an idiot.
Maybe we don't have to.  It's trapped in there.  We could just leave it in there all the way back to Irth.
How do we locate the creature?
Don't worry, it won't damage it, it'll just give it a little incentive.
Good.  Get on it.  But first, I'm issuing a standing order: from this moment forth, every one of us will wear protective garments, including helmets.  Let's get down to the locker and change.
I think I could cobble something together.  A long metal rod with a battery in it.  Give it a hell of a shock.
Good.
The machine will bring his temperature down.  His vital functions are strong.
Can you do anything for him?
Yes.
Still unconscious?
He's running a fever.
How's Broussard?
Yes?
Maybe we can catch it.
Well, what the hell good can we do in here?  We can't grab it -- it might jump on us --
No, don't open the door.  We don't want it escaping.
The door was closed.  It must still be in here.
Now we're in for it.
Maybe it wasn't always dead.
How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid?  It's dead.
Well, those things out there aren't the same, you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid.  They're from different cultures and different races.  That ship just landed here -- crashed like we did.  The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous.
What do you mean?
You know, it's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form, and now we run into a veritable zoo.
I'll come with you.
I'll do it.  The rest of you continue.
Careful, don't get under it!
There.  Should be coming through about there.
Ask him.
Hey now, what is this?
It wouldn't come.
That thing, God almighty, didn't you try to get it off him?
Well, how does it feel to be rich men?
Boy, that's terrific.
It's over, Hunter.
Thanks for the thought. 
If you press the button right now, it will blow the whole nose of the ship off.
Is it armed?
Just keep your finger off the button till she's way away from the ship, that's all.
Hey look, somebody has to have his hands free to lock the creature in the lifeboat!
Isn't "bait" the word you used?
I should hope so!  And we'd better make sure it's pretty far from the ship when we blow it.
This should do it.
It's not going to work.
We can use the flamethrower.
I think it's going to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat.
Our lives are more important. Anyway, we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with us on the lifeboat.
What about all the minerals and elements in the cargo hold?  That's the only reason we came out here. We'd have to abandon them all.  We'd be broke.
And the creature with it.  We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat.
Blow the ship up?
I've got an idea, but you're not going to like it.
We can't kill it on board.  It's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body.
You will notice, though, that there are no more phases.  Only four forms are shown.  After that the pattern repeats.
... And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle.
And right next to it, that oval design with the markings -- it's a dead ringer for the spore casings.
Well... I suppose that star-shaped thing could be the parasite that got on Broussard.  Is that what you mean?
In symbolic form... very stylized... but if you stare at it, you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with.
Recognizable!  In that?
We sure need this flamethrower.
Don't count on it.
It was horrible -- horrible.  Like a chicken.
You mean his body was still kicking when it ran off with him?
Listen, hadn't somebody better check on Broussard?
What common objects?
The same thing must've happened to the creatures on the other ship... except they took one of those jars on board, and opened it there.
That must have been when he got it.
Hey!  what about the film?
This is horrible.
I think it's fizzled out.
What's happening up here?
It doesn't make any sense.  It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive.
I think that's how it's getting oxygen to him.
Oh... God...
It's some kind of organ -- it's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat.
What is it -- I can't tell anything --
Look at that.
I guess I had it coming.  Let's call it settled.
I keep my mouth pretty much shut, but I don't like hitting.
Jay, this is Cleave!  Meet me at the main air lock!
Oh no.
Three blips!  They're coming this way!
How many?
I've got 'em!  They're back on my screens!
Just can that crap!  I'm in command here till Chaz returns!  And nobody's leaving this ship!
Why, you chickenshit bastard --
We can't spare the personnel.  We've got minimum takeoff capability right now.  That's why Chaz left us on board.
But they don't know about the translation!  They could be in danger right now.
We're not going anywhere.
What do you mean, no?
No.
I'm getting nowhere.  The whole area around the pyramid is dead to transmission.  I think we should go after them.
The computer just translated the goddamn message.  It's not an S.O.S. It was a warning.
What?  What was that?
I'm trying.
Can you get them back?
I've completely lost their signal.
Now what's wrong?
And you and I will bag it, and then we'll take it to the ventral air lock, got it?
Okay.
All right, then -- when it gets to the other side of the door, you sing out, then drop the door.  Okay?
They're getting pretty close now.
Let's get moving with this net.
They're on the next level up.
Are they close?
I've got Hunter... and something else as well, in front of him.
Come on -- let's go above and see how they're coming with the gear.
We're the new pioneers, Chaz.  We even have our own special diseases.
I can see you're putting your spare time to good use.  Let me tell you something: you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough, they'll be peeling you off a wall.  I've seen it happen.
Time and space have no meaning out here.  We're living in Einsteinian equation.
We came out there, we'll go back.  A long time by the clock, but a short time to us.
We can't even radio for help; the carrier wave wouldn't reach its destination till long after we'd died and turned to dust.  We are utterly, absolutely alone.  Can anybody really visualize such a scale of distances?  Halfway across Creation...
That's the one about the albatross, right?
I was thinking of a line from an old poem: "Water, water everywhere, but not a drop to drink."  All that space out there, and we're trapped in this ship.
I thought I'd find you here.
We'll have to trap it somehow.  If we had a really strong piece of net, we could bag it.
And what do we do when we find it?
Room by room, corridor by corridor.
How?
We've got about a week left, right?
Well, I kind of hate to point it out, but all our supplies are based on us spending a strictly limited amount of time out of suspended animation... and as you know, we used up most of that time in harvesting.
We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship.
Maybe we could write it together.
The commander normally has first publication rights.
I'm going to write a book about this expedition.  I'm going to call it "The Snark Log."
We're going into the freezers now.
We're going home.  We're in hyperspace.
They're from a dead civilization; they're spores from a tomb.  God knows how long they've been here.
Too primitive.  It's a pre- technological construction.  That slab was engineered by an Iron-Age culture at best.
Primitive pictorial languages are based on common objects in the environment, and this can be used as a starting point for translation...
That sounds a little fanciful...
It appears to have healed itself.
Is it still dripping?
No, thank God... just missed him.
Reminded me of when I was a kid and the roof leaked -- everybody running for the pots and pans.
We're just plain lucky.  That could have gone right through the hull -- taken <u>weeks</u> to patch it.
Yes, thank heaven.
It's stopped?
Let's let the machine work on him.
It's not coming off -- not without his whole face coming off too.
How the hell should I know?  Come on, give me a hand, let's get him out of there!
What is it?
It won't come -- it's stuck.
Help me -- I'm going to try to get it off.
Oh God, oh God no.
<u>Don't touch him, watch it</u>!
<u>What is it</u>?
Can you see anything?
No, it's coming.
Is it still coming up, or is it hooked on something?
There, it caught!
Maybe we should just wait a few more minutes.
But what can we do?  He's out of radio contact.
It'll yank him right off his feet if he's not expecting it.  The line could get tangled in something.
Here's his line.  We can haul him out of there if we have to.
Sun will be down in a minute.
If we don't hear from him soon, I think we better go in after him.
I couldn't make it out -- too much interference.
What'd he say?
Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything, fast.
This looks ancient.
That creature sure must have considered it important... using his last strength to draw it...
Doesn't seem much doubt about it, does there?
Who knows?
Air lock?
We should be almost on top of it.  I just can't quite...
How far?
It's close, real close.
My signal's fading.
What's wrong?
You lead.
That way.
All right.  Now just remember: keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise.  Martin, do you read me?
Receiving.
Sorry.  Nothing but that same damn transmission, every 32 seconds.  I've tried every frequency on the spectrum.
Just settle down.  Sandy, you get any response yet?
Well... this rock rotates every two hours.  The sun should be coming up in about 20 minutes.
Well, we can't go anywhere in this darkness.  How long till dawn?
Dell -- show me that on a screen.
I've got it.  It's coming from ascension 6 minutes 32 seconds, declination -39 degrees 2 seconds.
Computer, what's the frequency of the transmission?
What's the frequency?
Sandy, can you home in on that beam?
First contact...
Feast your eyes.
Sandy, you want to give us some vision?
Tastes like something you'd feed a chicken to make it lay more eggs.
What's the matter, you don't like this stuff?
First thing I'm going to do when we get back is eat some biological food.
Couldn't the pyramid have been built here by space travellers?
No.  It's just too small to support fauna as big as the parasites.  If there were a native ecology, it would have to be microscopic.
They never made it off the planet. The parasites won.
Yeah?
We do know that.
About four hours.
These day and night cycles are totally disorienting.  I feel like we've been here for days, but it's only been how long?
Could be some kind of venom, or poison...
That tube must be depositing it in him.
It appears to be a heavy fluid of some sort... it blocks the X-rays...
Close...
Source of transmission is to the northeast... about 300 meters.
Just a second.  Those aren't water vapor clouds; they have no moisture content.
My God, it's stormy for a piece of rock that size!
Look --
Men have waited centuries to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe.  This is an opportunity which may never come again.
Kill me...
What can I do?
No good... it's eaten too much of me...
But I can save you -- get you to the Autodoc!
No... don't...
I'll get you out of there.
That was Melkonis... it ate Hunter...
Look...
What did it do to you?
Kill me...
Kablooey.
And you stand aside while we drive it in, then shut the hatch, launch the boat, and --
And you'll let me know when you've got it coming this way...
All right, Martin, we'll be in touch with you on the communicator.
Who gets the privilege?
Yes, and maybe launch the boat and blow it too... if the others are injured.
Now.  If we can get it into the boat, we won't have to blow it up -- we can just eject it into space.
So what do we do?  Do we ignore it and finish loading the explosives into the boat -- or do we flush it out now?
It's stable; it doesn't hurt to drop it.
<u>Hey watch it</u>!
Here, carry these.
You know, it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure, the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it.
But the idea's good, if we could just turn it around somehow.
Yeah... I forgot.
No, it won't work and I just realized why.  There's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat. Only one of us could survive.
Doesn't matter -- we're already at light speed.  And when we get back to the Colonies, they'll pick us up in the network.
But the lifeboat can't accelerate to light speed.
Right... but it'll take a few minutes for the engines to overheat and melt down the core.  In the meantime, we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship.
That'll blow the ship up.
Okay.  First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines.
Let's hear it.
That kind of remark is pointless. Now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with, no matter how wild.
It was time for that a couple days ago.
No such luck.  I saw it running down one of the corridors.
At least we're rid of the damn monster.  It must have been the first thing sucked out of the ship.
Poor kitty; puss puss puss.
No, I had to seal off a whole section.  We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door.
Can we get to him?
I saw it.  Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door.  His body held it open.
... More spores coming.
Which presumably means...
Then that tomb... must have been some kind of fertility temple... where they stored their eggs, and maybe held mating rituals...
This is all the same creature.  We're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle.
So the next step should be --
That next thing there -- six legs, tentacles -- that's the thing we saw in the food locker.
I know it looks like a senseless jumble, but if you look closely, there are recognizable forms.
Well... yes... there's a pattern... but it's meaningless to me.
Can you make out any pattern in all that?
Nothing.
What's that supposed to mean?
Two down, four to go.
By eating our food supplies.
How did it get so <u>big</u>?
Right now let's keep it closed.
That's a flip-flop gate to channel the air, but we can use it to trap the thing.
Let's be democratic.
So the only question left is: who gets to crawl down the airshaft?
The man would need protection, obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him.
Are you <u>crazy</u>?
What do you think?  Now we go in.
Now what?
Go ahead, Jay.
This stuff's deadly -- I hope we know what we're doing.
You win.
Once we kill the thing we won't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep.  Also, it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all.
Hey, wait a minute!  That's all our food supplies in there!  We can't pump poison gas all over them!
I guess we open the door and net it.
Now what?
It started crashing around right after we locked it in.
What's it doing, having a seizure?
We're coming!
Food-storage room!
Where are you?
We've got it up here!  It's trapped! Get up here fast!
Yes!
Even simple.
These will be very useful.  At least we won't have to go digging around in closets with our bare hands.  All right, here's the battle plan: we're going to break into two teams and start systematically covering the ship.  Whoever finds it first, catches it in the net and ejects it from the nearest airlock.  Clear?
But if we <u>haven't</u> caught it in a week, then we have to go into the freezers anyway.
All right, so that's what we've got. A week.  It's plenty of time.
We won't need it then.
That's okay, he can remain in hypersleep until they're ready to treat him.
We'll have to go into quarantine, maybe for quite a while.
I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is.  It'll arrest the progress of his disease, and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies.
Quit complaining; we're in space.
That's the part that always makes me feel like I'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed.
With great pleasure.
You bet we made it.  Martin, set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive.
We made it!  Damn, we made it!
Let's take her into an escape orbit.
Engaged.
Up one kilometer, Jay.
Take us up.
They seem native to the planet.  It's got an atmosphere and a dense gravity.  It's dead now, but once it must have been fertile.
Where did the parasites come from?
If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship --
I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he's been working non-stop on the engines.
Look, I'm not trying to rub anybody's nose in anything.  The important thing is just to get away from here as fast as possible.
I'm sorry to say it looks like you were right in the first place, Martin.  We never should have landed here.
Is that its mouth?
Look at these suckers -- no wonder we couldn't get it off him.
Broussard had film in his datastick, didn't he?  We can see what happened to him.
What film?
He went into the pyramid alone.  We lost radio contact with him.  When we pulled him out, it was on his face. It won't come off, not without injuring him.
Would somebody fill me in?
Good.
I understand why you did that.
Martin, this is an order!  Open the door!
Chaz, listen to me -- we've broken every rule of quarantine.  If we bring an organism on board, we won't have a single layer of defense left.
We can't leave him out here, open the door.
Chaz, if it's an organism, and we let it in, the ship will be infected.
You hear me, Martin?  Open the outer door.
It's some kind of organism, it's attached itself to him.  Let us in.
Chaz -- what happened to Broussard?
We're coming up now, open the outer lock door.
Here, Chaz.
Can't talk now; Broussard's injured. We'll need some help getting him into the ship.
Thank Christ!  We lost you!  Listen, there's been a new development --
Yeah, we hear you!  We're coming back!
Hey, can you guys hear me?
Tell you what, Martin.  As soon as the engine's fixed --
This ship is full of cat hair.
But why draw it on the wall?
Well... it's obviously intentional... some kind of attempt at communication... maybe it's a symbol that means something to them...
What would you say that was supposed to mean?
I've always respected your opinion, Martin.  If something worries you, it worries me.
Oh well... you know me.
Still worried?
I don't even know what I'm looking for.
Find anything we missed?
What killed it?
But?
I agree.  This is the single most important discovery in history.
Martin?
It appears to be some sort of spacecraft.  We're going to approach it.
Found what?
Martin, uh, we've found it.
Good.  I'm getting you clear too. Let's just keep the line open.
Okay, Chaz, I hear you.  I've got you on my board.
Well, we won't need pressure suits, but breathing masks are called for. Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source?
Yeah, rock particles.  Dust.
Anything else?
Not a one.  It's dead.
Any microorganisms?
Zero.  Dry as a bone.
Good!  Moisture content?
Ten to the fourth dynes per square centimeter.
Nontoxic... but unbreathable. Pressure?
10% argon, 85% nitrogen, 5% neon... and some trace elements.
Sandy... how far are we from the source of the transmission?
Yeah, okay. 
Engine room, what happened?
What the hell happened?
Turn on navigation lights.
Atmospheric turbulence.  Dust storm.
No -- that's atmosphere.  Cloud layer.
It's out of focus.
Well, it's finally happened.
Oh my God.
Computer, you have signalled a priority three message.  What is the message?
Let's hear it.
Chaz, I've got something here on my security alert.  A high priority from the computer...
This is Chaz speaking.  Sorry, but we are not home.  Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth. Remain at your posts and stand by. That is all.
Sandy, contact traffic control.
Where are we?
Right.  Fire up all systems.
All right, tycoons, let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.
Yeah...
Better?
Do you want a tablet?
It's nothing, Doc.  Just a... touch of indigestion... something.
What is it?
Sure.
Can I... um... have some water?  Please?
Forget that.  I want you off alcohol for at least seventy-two hours. I've got some toxin build-up tests still to run.
The head's okay, but I could sink a six-pack.
Headache?  Dehydration?
Wait a minute.
Let's get back and call this in.
Bloody big if it is.  Top's open.
Looks like a spore.  Fungus of some kind, maybe?
I told you we... what's that?
God, I hope that thing didn't bring down a virus.
Yeah, it's fine.
No, it's still breathing.  Kinda clammy though.  Are you sure your stick's not broken.
Is it dead?
It's a rhino.
Well, just keep looking.  It's gotta be... whoa, Jesus!
Nada. No radiation... no movement... nothing.
Do you wanna head back and call it in?
Me either.  I tell you, I used to be with a mining outfit on Callisto, and when something like that hits... believe me, you know about it.
Yep...
Minh...
Oh man...
We've got no option.  We're gonna have to get it off.
Nah.  I just wanna squeeze off a few rounds.  'Sides, they tagged the rhinos for the migration project, so they're protected.  They'll dock you a month's pay for just mentioning it.
Good argument for gun-control.  What are you going after, rhino?
Thanks.
Nice howitzer you've got there.
Keep trying!
I can't reach her.  Too much signal break-up.
Get her on-line.  Now!
Drains right into the Central Reservoir.
And?
I found it...
Quick!  Run a trace on the culvert leading off the auto-shop maintenance pit.
Comin' up the Central Reservoir.
Where is she?
What?  What's wrong?  What is it?
Are you alright?
We're not gonna make it, are we?
Give or take.
Too many.
How many of them are there?
We're what!?
Cassie, thank Christ!  We're under attack.
What's happening?
Seal everything now!
It's on the board.
A three-second burn to port, on my mark.
What do you need?
Okay, give me the numbers.
Can you patch me a temporary loop on DCMGS?
Yeah.  Turns out they dropped straight out of hyperspace.
We figured on it being a magnetic anomaly, but we ran a back-trace just to make sure.
A pair of incomings.  They popped-up on the medium-range about thirteen twenty-four local time.
Better tell the boss.
That's the second time I ran it, and it still reads the same.
No, but I got something that might interest you.
I lose 'em all, that's why I'm still out here on this rock.  Anything else you wanna ruin my day with?
You win some, you loose some.
Fucking great.  I invested some money in them.
Yesterday.  We got the Network feed from Gateway; it was the top story on 'Sixty Seconds'.  Biggest market crash since twenty-four.
Shit.  When?
MarsCo went belly-up on the Dow Jones.
But...
If I can get to the chopper, I'll meet you at the rendezvous.  Don't wait for me.
We've dumped the whole data-base from one of the cleaning remotes into the helmet. It'll project the route through the sewer system onto the inside of the glass as you go.
Deal.
About thirty minutes.  Those are slimmed-down tanks, so no stopping to admire the scenery.
How much air-time have I got?
Alright, let's keep calm.  We've got to have an option of some sort... there's got to be a way out of this.
Oh, man...
Do it.
Not yet.
Has anybody talked to them?
Auto-shop's sealed, but those boys are cut-off.
What's our weapons situation?
Unconfirmed reports of eighteen or so far, but the numbers are all over the place.
Nooooo!
It's too late!
Force the door.
The door's sealed from inside.  Doc Revna's in there, and it sounds like Ackland's going nuts.
What's going on?
Match it!
Picking up velocity.
Can we move it to a different orbit in time?
Seven minutes ago, the third course change in an hour.  Those incomings are going to skim past the communications platform just a little too close for comfort.
When?
We ran a trajectory simulation.  If they carry on along that path, it's possible they'll make intra-orbital insertion.
Where're they headed?
Sounds like a couple of escape shuttles.
Curious thing is, the mass detector says they're too small to carry a deep-space drive.
Couple more seconds!
Move it baby, or they're gonna be chewin' on my cojones!
No, he's stopped; he's totally still. Just take it nice and easy, babe. Nice and easy...
Is it still moving?
It's alright, it's cool...
Oh, man.  That's no glitch!
I dunno.  Might be a glitch.
How?
Wait.  Lost it.
Yeah, I...
Can't see a thing.  Are you sure?
Just behind us, over to the right.
What?  Where?
I'm picking up another signal.
What's wrong?
Hold it, hold it...
It's moving slow.  About... eleven metres. On the left.
Still got him?
Yeah, I got it.
Careful of that edging there...
Anything you say, Mammacitta.
But I'm going first...
I'll come with you.
What?
Alright, okay.  Look...
Hey, fair enough.  If you won't come, I'll handle it myself.
What the hell are you doing?
Fuck the bonus.  I hate heights.  You wouldn't get me up there even if it wasn't night.
C'mon De Vries.  Think of the bonus.
Forget it, man.
I've seen this mother, De Vries.  We can bag it, no problem.
What?  Are you nuts?  Just the two of us?
Just got a reading...
What?
Whoa, wait a minute...
That's a fact.
Goldsmith's gonna be plenty pissed at losing one of her babies.
There's no way a rhino'd survive that drop.
That's impossible, man.  This fence is high-tensile.  The breaking tolerance'd stand up to the strain of a rhino, easy. I know, I put it up.
One of 'em must have escaped.
Take a look at this.
What?
Hey, Guttierez?
I dunno.
Something spooking the rhinos?
Next time you have a thought like that? Keep it to yourself.
Yeah?
De Vries?
That's what I mean.  This is the quietest I've ever heard it.  It's unnatural.
Listen to what?
Hey!  I was in shape before we started doing this.
Ah, quit griping.  Keeps you in shape doesn't it?
One more sweep... one more sweep.  I'm getting tired of one more fuckin' sweep. We're been lookin' for this thing for three days now, and found zip.
C'mon, man.  One more sweep.
One final point.  Killing this sonuvabitch ought to be a reward in itself.  However, just to add a little incentive... I'm authorizing a hefty bonus in the next pay-packet for whoever does.
Okay.
Nobody wander off on their own until it's found.  Keep in pairs. Diller, once the first team's done their sweep I want you to go down with Annie to Three-Pump while she replaces it.
Where does that lead to?
Secondary fluidic shunt for the sewage system.  I found the grating ripped right off.  The little fucker was strong.
York just turned up outside.  We're trying to get him into Infirmary.
What happened?
Thanks.
Miss Noguchi!  You're wanted in admin.
How tight are these shafts?
We had to.  They were just too cumbersome for some of the conduits you're gonna have to negotiate.  Besides, all the crap floating around reduces visibility to the extent where I doubt having helmet lights would have make that much difference, anyway.  Maintenance lights down there oughta be enough to do the trick.
Sounds great.
Yeah, I stripped down a motion tracker and hardwired it through to the helmet pick-ups, too.  That's also on the display.
Uh-huh.
Is this the suit?
Which mean physically going outside.
Nah.  It's got programmable facilities, but it was never rigged for remote operation.  Someone'd have to go up to the cab to get it up and running.
That sounds promising.  Can we operate the crane from here?
Auto-shop?
Shit!  Our armory's a big blue box from the back shelf of stores.  We got about two clips left for an autoloader, and that's it.
And, nothing.  They checked out just fine.
And...?
Appreciate that.
Give me twenty minutes and I'll do it myself.
She was running a little sluggish on the way back.  Think the turbines might be playing up.
What's the problem?
Hey, Jan.  See if you can get someone to check out the chopper.
Blow those suckers, Driscoll!
Okay, I'm out of here!
Right.  Auto-shop, you all set?
Okay, we're in business.
Right.  When you've done that, don't waste any time getting out of there.  Once that crane starts moving...well, it's bound to provoke some kind of response.
Sorry.  Two green enabling buttons...
Okay, I pull the access panel off of the console.  Insert the disk, and press the green enabling button...
Let's just run through it one more time so I know you've got it straight.
Thanks.
Forget it.  I wouldn't ask somebody to do something I wouldn't do myself.  Where's the disk?
There's still time to back-out.
What?  Why?
It's not all good news.  We had to take off the helmet lights.  You'll be going in blind.
Well... try the headset.
Communications to auto-shop go through an F.O. link off the main trunk. That's down with the other feeds.
Looks like it.
They knocked out the external feeds.
How many... how many people are missing?
Everything on this module is locked and sealed.  We've lost 'B', 'C', and 'E' wings, but 'E' was the only one we didn't manage to totally evacuate.
You've checked that end?
Central Pumping.  All the waste gets  treated, broken-down, and flushed out into the swamp.  If it wanted a quick exit then it really lucked- out.
What is that?
It left a melted trail on the deck all the way down to here...
Punch me in a solution for their delta-vee.
Compensate!
They've changed their heading again.
Get off an all-bands emergency distress, and put it on a repeater.
Already working on it.
Just give them the facts.  They can leap to their own conclusions.
Fort Powell.  What do we tell 'em?
Done it already.  Nothing matches.
Have you got an updated Lloyds' Almanac to cross-reff them through?
That's what we thought.
No!
You have to...
I... I can't!
I can... feel it moving around inside me. You've got to kill me.
What can I do?
They...they snapped my legs to fit... fit me in here.  I don't...remember what happened next.
Don't wait for me!
Hurry it up.
Detour.  Other way's blocked...
That's the wrong way!
I'm out of ammo.  Get inside, get inside!
What?
What do I think?  I think if those Marines from Powell don't shift their butts getting here, we're gonna get caught up to our necks in the middle of something we shouldn't.
So, what do you think?
Alright.  Pull some trackers and headsets out of stores, and I'll sign a release for the weapons.  Cassie, organise a team roster and put it on the board.
Cornering it shouldn't be a problem.  Each part of this station is basically a self-sufficient deep-space transport module running off external couplers.  If we disconnect them and seal off every section, we've got a ceiling of about thirty-six hours on internal power.  That should give us ample time to find it.
Ackland?  I don't know him well enough to say.  If we were back on Earth we could run him though an Aldhoven test and find out for sure. There's not much we can do out here.
Do you believe him?
Again?  How long before we start noticing the difference?
Think I spoke too soon...
What do you mean?
Ah, don't worry about I.C.C.  They're the least of your problems right now.
When we get the link back, and I send this in, I.C.C.'ll throw a fit.
Agreed.
I'm going to need you to co-sign the report.  Until we come up with something, this'll be treated as first degree murder.
Hold on...
I've found Ackland!
Check out the tent.
Yeah.  Somebody won.
There'd have to be a helluva good reason for him not to.
Do you think Ackland'll sit tight?
Don't worry about it.  If the Network goes by the book, like everyone figures they will, a Marine gunboat from Powell'll drop-by for a look- see in four-or-five days.  They can go poke around out there and find whatever it was hit us.  All we've gotta do is sit tight.
Sure.  Do me good to stretch my legs.
'We'?  You wanna fly out there with me?
First light, we'll take a chopper out there and tell them to head back.
Nothing.  With the satellite down, we can't transmit over the mountain range. He's most likely sitting there wondering why he can't raise us.
Any luck raising Ackland's party?
Want some?
Seltzer?
Real man' drink.
What is that?
Just curious.  There's a lot of talk goes around.
What is this?  'Twenty Questions'?
Only six?
Six month stint on Datus.
And before that?
Four.
How long you been out here for now, anyway?  Three months?
Uh-huh.  Used to get it pretty bad.  I'd wake up in a cold sweat and want to claw open a vacuum hatch.
Is that a fact.
I'm serious.  That's why I switched from orbiting to planetary installations.
No, not really.  More sort of the  'claustrophobic' type.
Not too much of the socializing type, then?
I've got a lot of thinking to do.  'Sides, the room was getting too crowded for me.
Didn't feel like whoopin' it up with the rest of us blue collars, huh?
I just... wanted to be put on my own for a while.  Clear my head.
Hey, boss.  Wondered where you'd gotten to.
We haven't used Big Bertha since we relocated the generator module. That was four months ago.  I can't ask for them to keep bringing spares in on the shuttle, it's already costing too much as it is.
See that sheathing on the suspension? Eaten away.  Same thing with the pumps on the base air purifiers.  The algae out here just isn't good on these new plastics.
You got it, cowboy.
Give me a yell is something happens.
'Bout five minutes.
What time's sundown?
Nah, I'll stick it out for another hour or so.
You should hit the sack, too.
Today's party's finished their sweep, the relief team's out there now. Everybody else is either asleep or running shift in the auto-shop.
Yeah, 'Good Evening' to you, too.
How's it going?
Tactical nukes, maybe?
Yeah, exactly.  Those're pre-programmed course adjustments you're looking at.
Jesus.
Camped out by the navi-beacon out on Linson's Range.  They're making their own way back tomorrow.
Where'd you leave them?
Why not? Tell me, Phoebe, do you want some day to have an award like that of your own?
I call myself Phoebe.
Phoebe?
Phoebe.
And what is your name?
It's a very famous name, Mr. deWitt.
How do you know my name?
We won't disturb her rest. It seems she left her award in the taxicab. Will you give it to her?
Miss Harrington's resting, Mr. deWitt. She asked me to see who it is...
Hello, there. Who are you?
Very well. I shall drop you and go on to the party. I have no intention of missing it...
I'm tired. I want to go home.
You're being childish.
Exactly.  Here. Take it to the party instead of me.
It's the same thing, isn't it?
No, it's not.  It's for this.
Max has gone to a great deal of trouble, it's going to be an elaborate party, and it's for you.
Because I don't want to.
Why not?
I don't think I'm going.
You can have one at Max's.
I don't suppose there's a drink left...
Couldn't go on? You'll give the performance of your life.
I won't play tonight.  I couldn't. Not possibly. I couldn't go on...
Take your nap, now. And good luck for tonight.
Yes, Addison.
And you realize - you agree how completely you belong to me?
Yes, Addison.
Then say so.
I had lunch with Karen not three hours ago. As always with women who want to find out things, she told more than she learned...  ... do you want to change your story about Lloyd beating at your door the other night?
No-no-no...
You used my name and my column to blackmail Karen into getting you the part of "Cora" - and you lied to me about it!
I was there, I saw you and heard you through the dressing room door!
That's not true!
She did like you, she helped and trusted you! You paid her back by trying to take Bill away!
I had to get in, to meet Margo! I had to say something, be somebody, make her like me!
Answer my question! Weren't you paid to get out of town?
She was a liar, she was a liar!
But the $500 you got to get out of town brought you straight to New York - didn't it?
She never proved anything, not a thing!
A matter of opinion. Granted. It is also true that you worked in a brewery. But life in the brewery was apparently not as dull as you pictured it. As a matter of fact, it got less and less dull - until you boss's wife had your boss followed by detectives!
What of it?
It is true that your parents were poor. They still are. And they would like to know how you are - and where. They haven't heard from you for three years...
What of it?
Your name is not Eve Harrington. It is Gertrude Slescynski.
Then if you won't get out, I'll have you thrown out.
You're too short for that gesture. Besides, it went out with Mrs. Fiske.
... taken it for granted? That you and I...
So does the history of the world for the past twenty years. I don't enjoy putting it as bluntly as this, frankly I had hoped that you would, somehow, have known - have taken it for granted that you and I...
Belong - to you? That sound medieval - something out of an old melodrama...
A dull cliche.
I can't believe my ears...
Everything. Because after tonight, you will belong to me.
What have you got to do with it?
More plainly and more distinctly? I Have not come to New Haven to see the play, discuss your dreams, or to pull the ivy from the walls of Yale! I have come to tell you that you will not marry Lloyd - or anyone else - because I will not permit it.
What do you mean by that?
Very well, plainly and distinctly. Although I consider it unnecessary - because you know as well as I, what I am about to say.  Lloyd may leave Karen, but he will not leave Karen for you.
Addison, will you please say what you have to say plainly and distinctly - and then get out so I can take my nap!
Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class.
Champion to champion.
- it's important right now that we talk. Killer to killer.
I still don't know what you're getting at. Right now I want to take my nap. It's important that I-
Yes, you did. You still do.
I never intended you to be.
Look closely, Eve, it's time you did. I am Addison deWitt. I'm nobody's fool. Least of all - yours.
I'm sure you mean something by that, Addison, but I don't know what...
It is possible - even conceivable - that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you've been playing tricks on - that you have the same contempt for me that you have for them?
I don't know what I take you for anything...
What do you take me for?
Well, say something - anything! Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!
There never was, there'll never be another like you.
We sat and talked, Addison. I want a run of the play contract.
You sat and talked until it was light...
The setting wasn't romantic, but Lloyd was. He woke me up at three in the morning, banging on my door - he couldn't sleep, he told me - he's left Karen, he couldn't go on with the play or anything else until I promised to marry him... we sat and talked until it was light. He never went home...
Was the setting properly romantic - the lights on dimmers, gypsy violins off stage?
We decided the night before last, before we came up here...
I see. And when was this unholy alliance joined?
She doesn't know.
... and Karen.
Addison, won't it be just perfect? Lloyd and I - there's no telling how far we can go... he'll write great plays for me, I'll make them be great!  You're the only one I've told, the only one that knows except Lloyd and me...
- and artistically, the most promising! Eve dear, this is Addison.
You have no right to say such things!
Lloyd Richards is commercially the most successful playwright in America-
I'm in love with Lloyd!
I know nothing about Lloyd and his loves - I leave those to Louisa May Alcott. But I do know you.
It's nothing of the kind! Lloyd loves me, I love him!
So that's it. Lloyd. Still just the Theater, after all...
What else?
I didn't mean just the Theater.
- something about an old road ending and a new one starting - paved with stars...
Addison, just a few minutes ago. When I told you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring me everything I wanted-
She's always been so fantastically devoted to Lloyd. I would imagine that only death or destruction could keep her-
Addison...
Lloyd and I.
We're?
That's for tonight. You're invited. We're having everyone up after the performance.
Some plain soda.  Lloyd must be expecting a record run in New Haven...
Lloyd. I never have any, and he likes a couple of drinks after we finish - so he sent it up...
Also with the reluctant compliments of Max Fabian.
Max is paying for it. He and Lloyd had a terrific row but Lloyd insisted... well. Can I fix you a drink?
Suites are for expense accounts. Aren't you being extravagant?
Did I say killer? I meant champion. I get my boxing terms mixed.
Why'd call me a killer?
The mark of a true killer.  Sleep tight, rest easy - and come out fighting...
Why not?
You could sleep, too, couldn't you?
Plenty of time for a nice long nap - we rehearsed most of last night...
Almost four.
What time?
Stars.
Paved with what, then?
You know me better than that.
All paved with diamonds and gold?
It'll be a night to remember. It'll bring to me everything I've ever wanted. The end of an old road - and the beginning of a new one...
Frankly - yes.
Aren't you?
Are you that sure of tomorrow?
Stop rehearsing your column... Isn't it strange, Addison? I thought I'd be panic-stricken, want to run away or something. Instead, I can't wait for tonight to come. To come and go...
And tomorrow morning you will have won your beachhead on the shores of Immortality...
Just like it.
D-day.
What a day - what a heavenly day...
I hope you mean what you say, Eve. I intend to hold you to it.
I confide in you and rely on you more than anyone I've ever known! To say a thing like that now - without any reason - when I need you more than ever...
It wasn't meant to be.
I don't think that's funny.
Do you know, Eve - sometimes I think you keep things from me.
Just like that.
Just like that, eh?
Oddly enough - she didn't say a word about Margo. Just that she'll be happy to do what she can to see that I play the part.
She mentioned, of course, that Margo expects to play the part?
I discussed it very openly. I told her that I had spoken to Lloyd - and that he was interested.
Heart to heart? Woman to woman? Including a casual reference to the part of "Cora" - and your hopes of playing it.
Nothing of the kind. Karen and I had a nice talk.
I'm not surprised. After all that humble pie...
Just some coffee.
Hungry?
I believe I will.
You take charge.
I can wait. Where would you like to go? We'll make this a special night...
I'm about to go into the shower, I won't be able to hear you...
Eddie what?
Eddie...
A fine old theater, the Shubert. Full of tradition, untouched by the earthquake - so sorry - fire... by the way, what was your husband's name?
Yes. The Shubert.
And that memorable night when Margo first dazzled you from the stage - which theater was it in San Francisco? Was it - the Shubert?
Yes. I do.
San Francisco. An oasis of civilization in the California desert. Tell me, do you share my high opinion of San Francisco?
That's right.
- perhaps more than one. There's so much I want to know. I've heard your story in bits and pieces... your home in Wisconsin, your tragic marriage, your financial attachment to Margo - it started in San Francisco, didn't it?  I say - your idolatry of Margo started in San Francisco, didn't it?
I'm not enough for a paragraph.
Let's have a minimum of pretending. I'll want to do a column about you-
I'd love to! Or should I pretend I'm busy?
After you change, if you're not busy elsewhere, we can have supper.
I am somebody.
Even if I wanted to - as you say - be less humble, blow my own horn... how would I do it? I'm less than nobody.
It needn't be.
Even so. One isolated pretty good performance by an understudy. It'll be forgotten tomorrow.
We all come into this world with our little egos equipped with individual horns. If we don't blow them - who will?
I don't think I've done anything to sound off about.
I think the time has come for you to shed some of your humility. It is just as false not to blow your horn at all as it is to blow it too loudly...
Please do.
A revolutionary approach to the Theater. However, if I may a suggestion...
It's not modesty. I just don't try to kid myself.
You're more than modest.
You're more than kind. But it's still Miss Channing's performance. I'm just a carbon copy you read when you can't find the original...
Of course your performance was no surprise to me. After the other day I regarded it as no more than - a promised fulfilled.
I consider myself lucky they didn't throw things.
I expected to find this little room overcrowded, with a theater full of people at your feet...
Certainly, Mr. deWitt...
May I come in?
That's all television is, my dear. Nothing but auditions.
Tell me this. Do they have auditions for television?
You next move, it seems to me, should be toward television.
Like I just swam the English Channel. Now what?
Feeling better, my dear?
Because that is what they are. Go make him happy.
Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?
Claudia dear, come closer.  This is Max Fabian. He is a producer. Go do yourself some good.
That's how you met me. In passing.
This must be, at long last, our formal introduction. Until now we have met only in passing...
Miss Caswell is an actress. A graduate of Copacabana School of Dramatic Arts.  Ah... Eve.
We never met. That's why.
You have me confused with Dan Dailey. You go sit by the piano.  And you come sit by me.  Good night.
Let's go sit by the piano.
I don't want to make trouble. All I want is a drink.
You have a point. An idiotic one, but a point.
Well, I can't yell "Oh, butler," can I? Maybe somebody's name is Butler...
That isn't a waiter, my dear. That's a butler.
Now there's something a girl could make sacrifices for.
Every now and then, some elder statesman of the Theater or cinema assures the public that actors and actresses are just plain folk. Ignoring the fact that their greatest attraction to the public is their complete lack of resemblance to normal human beings.
As soon as the peasants stop pawing her.
I'm giving her a very high-class party. It ain't like a rehearsal, she don't have to be late.
And too many of them are produced.
In my case it's necessary. Too many taxi drivers write plays.
We all have abnormality in common. We are a breed apart from the rest of the humanity, we Theater folk. We are the original displaced personalities...
This answer satisfies me a hundred percent.
What makes a man walk into a lion cage with nothing but a chair?
Answer me this. What makes a man become a producer?
Gable. Why a feller like that don't come East to do a play...
It is senseless to insist that theatrical folk in New York, Hollywood and London are no different from the good people of Des Moines, Chillicothe and Liverpool. By and large, we are concentrated gatherings of neurotics, egomaniacs, emotional misfits, and precocious children-
She may be later than you think...
It's new Margo. But she's just as late as the old one.
Margo? Lunching in public?
Margo.
From the smartness of your dress, I take it your luncheon companion is a lady?
A happy coincidence.
You were there? At the play - last night?
I was there. An eyewitness.
Then you've heard too.
She was magnificent.
Hear, hear...
Then stop being a star - start treating your guests as your supporting cast!
To the best of my recollection, neither your name nor your performance entered the conversation.
The implication being that I have not been reading them as written.
Eve was incredibly modest. She insisted that no credit was due her, that Lloyd felt as he did only because she read lines exactly as he had written them.
How nice for Lloyd. And how nice for Eve. How nice for everybody.
Bill didn't say - but Lloyd was beside himself. He listened to his play as if someone else had written it, he said, it sounded so fresh, so new, so full of meaning...
A mass of music and fire. That's me. An old kazoo and some sparkles. Tell me - was Bill swept away, too, or were you too full of Revelation to notice?
In time she'll be what you are.
How nice.
It wasn't reading, it was a performance. Brilliant, vivid, something made of music and fire...
I take it she read well.
Margo, as you know, i have lived in the Theater as a Trappist monk lives in his faith. I have no other world, no other life - and once in a great while I experience that moment of Revelation for which all true believers wait and pray. You were one. Jeanne Eagels another... Paula Wessely... Hayes - there are others, three or four. Eve Harrington will be among them...
Was she that bad?
Completely. Nor, I am sure, could anyone else present tell you how Miss Caswell read or whether Miss Caswell read or rode a pogo stick.
Just slipped your mind.
Frankly, I don't remember.
How... how was Miss Caswell?
It just slipped your mind.
Of course I knew.
Didn't you know?
Eve! My understudy...
I refer to your new and unpregnant understudy. Eve Harrington.
I consider it highly unnatural to allow a girl in an advanced state of pregnancy-
Naturally enough, your understudy.
Is it really? I must start wearing a watch, I never do, you know... who read with Miss Caswell? Bill?  Lloyd?  Well, it couldn't have been Max! Who?
The audition was called for 2:30. It is now nearly four.
Over? It can't be. I've come to read with her. I promised Max.
Miss Caswell got lucky too late. The audition is over.
It's good luck before an audition. She'll be all right once it starts.
Being violently ill to her tummy.
The ladies' - shall we say - lounge?
Miss Caswell, at the moment, is where I can lend no support - moral or otherwise.
Why so remote, Addison? I should think you'd be at the side of your protegee, lending her moral support...
Amen.
You mustn't worry about your little charge. She is in safe hands.
Then you two must have a long talk-
We have that in common.
You've heard of her great interest in the Theater-
It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it...
Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. deWitt's mother - Miss Caswell, Miss Harrington...  Addison, I've been wanting you to meet Eve for the longest time-
I do not. How do you do?
Dear Margo. You were an unforgettable Peter Pan - you must play it again, soon. You remember Miss Caswell?
I distinctly remember striking your name from the guest list. What are you doing here?
Everything... everything's so funny...
Nothing?
Tomorrow we meet at City Hall at ten-  - and you're going to be on time.
When? When are you going to do it?
Maybe just a little around the edges.
I guess at this point I'm what the French call 'de trop'...
We know you, we've seen you before like this. Is it over - or just beginning?
Macbeth.
Geniuses don't need good luck.  I do.
Good luck, genius...
That's nice.
Right here. A minute ago.
Where?
You've already met.
This is Eve Harrington.
Huh?
Bill!
Bill-
The air lines have clocks, even if you haven't! I start shooting a week from Monday - Zanuck is impatient, he wants me, he needs me!
Bill...
A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me. And no more make believe! Off stage or on... remember, Lloyd.  I mean it, now. Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight...  Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me?
Often enough to keep the franchise.
I'm going to have a home. Not just a house I'm afraid to stay in... and a man to go with it. I'll look up at six o'clock - and there he'll be... remember, Karen?
With the paper to prove it.
A married lady.
A cowboy.
You know what I'm going to be?
Yes, dear.
Groom.
Never try to outguess Margo.
You know why I forgive Eve? Because she's left good behind - the four of us, together like this, it's Eve's fault - I forgive her...
You've got it backwards. Even for Wilkes-Barre.
There goes Eve. Eve evil, Little Miss Evil. But the evil that men do - how does it go, groom? Something about the good they leave behind - I played it once in rep in Wilkes Barre...
I want everybody to shut up about Eve. Just shut up about Eve, that's all I want. Give Karen more wine...  ... never have I been so happy. Isn't this a lovely room? The Cub Room. What a lovely, clever name. Where the elite meet. Never have I seen so much elite - and all with their eyes on me. Waiting for me to crack that little gnome over the noggin with a bottle. But not tonight. Even Eve. I forgive Eve... there they go.
What would you like? Texas?
Groom-  - may I have a wedding present?
Pass me the empty bottle. I may find her... why, look. There's Rasputin.
I understand she is now the understudy in there.
"Please forgive me for butting into what seems such a happy occasion - but it's most important that I speak with you. Please" - it's underlined - "meet me in the Ladies' Room. Eve."
The point is - in the cathedral, a ball park or a penny arcade - we want to have you two beside us our nearest and dearest friends.
Something simple. A fur coat over a nightgown...
I'll marry you if it turns out you have no blood at all.
It's only for the license. There's a three-day wait - blood tests, things like that...
Glory Hallelujah.
To Margo. To my bride-to-be.
You were great.
He does not exaggerate. I was good.
But you may quote me as follows. Quote. Tonight Miss Margo Channing gave a performance in your cockamamie play, the like of which I have never seen before and expect rarely to see again. Unquote.
Hear, hear...
The so-called art of acting is not one for which I have a particularly high regard...
That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.
Bill...  ... where are you going? To find Eve?
I think you do know but you won't or can't tell me.  I said before it was going to be my last try, and I meant it. I can't think of anything else to do. I wish I could.  We usually wind up screaming and throwing things as the curtain comes down. Then it comes up again and everything's fine. But not this time.  You know there isn't a playwright in the world who could make me believe this would happen between two adult people. Goodbye, Margo.
I - I don't know, Bill. Just a feeling, I don't know...
You've had so many reasons for not wanting to marry me... Margo, tell me what's behind all this.
I wouldn't want you to marry me just to prove something.
Then what would be enough?  If we were married?
I wish it were.
But if I tell you it is - as I just did. Were you listening to me?  Isn't that enough?
It's not nonsense.
Just being happy? Just stopping all this nonsense about Eve - and Eve and me?
The terms are too high. Unconditional surrender.
Margo, let's make peace.
I admit I may have seen better days, but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.
Come on, get up. I'll buy you a drink.
Don't be condescending.
I'll say.
Well, I am.
I've been aware of that for some time.
It's obvious you're not a woman.
It's time you found out. I love you.  I love you. You're a beautiful and intelligent woman-  - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress-  - at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness-  - every reason, but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid-  - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical, screaming harpy! Now once and for all, stop it!
That word again! I don't even know what it means...
No, I'll tell it to you! For the last time, I'll tell it to you. Because you've got to stop hurting yourself, and me, and the two of us by these paranoiac tantrums!
Tell that to Dr. Freud! Along with the rest of it...
I didn't know Eve Harrington was your understudy until half past two this afternoon!
Paranoiac!
I am sick and tired of these paranoiac outbursts!
The playwright doesn't make the performance - and it doesn't just happen! And this one didn't - full of fire and music and whatnot, it was carefully rehearsed I have no doubt, over and over, full of those Bill Sampson touches!
You've been all through that with Lloyd-
- shows up for an audition when everyone knew I'd be here... and gives a performance! Out of nowhere - gives a performance!
Now don't get carried away-
Such nonsense, what do you all take me for - little Nell from the country? Been my understudy for over a week without my knowing, carefully hidden no doubt-
Here we go...
Well, you needn't. I will not be tolerated. And I will not be plotted against!
I'm trying terribly hard.
You're being terribly tolerant, aren't you?
Don't calm down.
I will not calm down!
The gong rang. The fight's over. Calm down.
The ex-ship news' reporter. No body, no voice, all mind!
What a body, what a voice.
I'm nothing but a body with a voice. No mind.
Okay. Mix.
I mix what I like.
Don't mix your metaphors.
Poor little flower. Just dropped her petals and folded her tent...
I wouldn't be surprised. Sometimes you frighten me.
I must have frightened her away.
Gone.
The kid. Junior.
Who?
And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano?  Where is Princess Fire-and-Music?
So full of meaning, fire and music!
Addison-!
You wouldn't understand.  How was Miss Caswell?
What fire and music?
Eve?  How enchanting...  Wherever did you get the idea of having Eve read with Miss Caswell?
The audition.
What's all over?
It's all over.
Everybody has a heart - except some people.  Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you.
No heart to burn.
If my guests do not like it here, I suggest they accompany you to the nursery where I'm sure you will all feel more at home.
Then without feeling, your guests were also wondering whether the music couldn't be a shade more on the - shall we say, happier side?
You know nothing about feelings, natural or unnatural.
Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow?
It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it. The remains of Margo Channing. Sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.
Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out?
I can always get a fresh one. Karen - you're a Gibson girl...
The kid - junior, that is - will be right down. Unless you'd like to take her drink up to her...
Nothing, really...
Thank you.
Cut! Print it! What happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pit?
She hasn't cut them yet, and you know it! So when you start judging an idealistic dreamy-eyed kid by the barroom, Benzedrine standards of this megalomaniac society - I won't have it! Eve Harrington has never by word, look, thought or suggestion indicated anything to me but her adoration for you and her happiness at our being in love! And to intimate anything else doesn't spell jealousy to me - it spells a paranoic insecurity that you should be ashamed of!
What about her teeth? What about her fangs?
Mad! Darling, there are certain characteristics for which you are famous - on stage and off. I love you for some of them - and in spite of others. I haven't let those become too important to me. They're part of your equipment for getting along in what is laughably called out environment - you've got to keep your teeth sharp. All right. But you will not sharpen them on me - or on Eve...
- guilty.
This is my cue to take you in my arms and reassure you - but I'm not going to. I'm too mad-
For instance - you!
For instance what?
Stop calling her a kid! It so happens there are particular aspects of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privileges!
Now how can you take offense at a kid trying in every way to be as much like her ideal as possible!
Stage-struck kid... she's a young lady - of qualities. And I'll have you know I'm fed up with both the young lady and her qualities! Studying me as if - as if I were a play or a set of blueprints! How I walk, talk, think, eat, sleep!
Thirty minutes, forty minutes! What of it?
Twenty minutes!
Of course it's funny - this is all too laughable to be anything else. You know what I think about this - this age obsession of yours - and now this ridiculous attempt to whip yourself up into a jealous froth because I spent ten minutes with a stage-struck kid-
I don't think that's funny!
I've always denied the legend that you were in 'Our American Cousin' the night Lincoln was shot...
Clyde Fitch, thought you may not think so, was well before my time!
I can't believe you're making this up - it sounds like something out of an old Clyde Fitch play...
So you've pointed out, so often. So many qualities, so often. Her loyalty, efficiency, devotion, warmth, affection - and so young. So young and so fair...
So she seems.
She's a girl of so many rare qualities.
It's a pretty rare quality these days.
She's a girl of so many interests.
Well, we started talking, she wanted to know all about Hollywood, she seemed so interested...
That never stopped you before.
I ran into Eve on my way upstairs; she told me you were dressing.
I had no idea you were even here.
When I'm guest of honor?
I thought you were going to be late-
Looks like I'm going to have a very fancy party...
Remind me to tell you about when I looked into the heart of an artichoke.
You've heard it. About when I looked through the wrong end of a camera finder.
Don't let me kill the point. Or isn't it a story for grownups?
To put me to bed? Take my clothes off, hold my head, tuck me in, turn off the lights, tiptoe out...? eve would. Wouldn't you, Eve?
Need any help?
This is my house, not a theater! In my house you're a guest, not a director-!
Cut it out.
Happy little housewife...
It won't play.
It's a good thought.
You're in a beehive, pal, didn't you know? We're all busy little bees, full of stings, making honey day and night-  - aren't we, honey?
Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would hardly be considered either queenly or motherly!
See you...
I love you too. Good night, darling-
What?
I'll check with Eve...
I love you...
Okay.
How is Eve? Okay?
Yeah... I will.
She hasn't missed a week since I left - but you know all that, you probably tell her what to write... anyway, I sent her a list of people to ask - check with her.
She did...?
It's no secret, I know all about the party - Eve wrote me...
Of course, birthday and welcome home... who'll I ask?
I get a party, don't I?
Many happy returns of the day...
The reading could have been better, but you said it - now "many happy returns of the day..."
Happy birthday, darling...
And who remembered it? Who was there on the dot, at twelve midnight...?
Bill... Bill, it's your birthday.
Sure! Like the Western Union boys used to do...
Sing it?
Kid stuff or not, it doesn't happen every day, I want to heat it - and if you won't say it, you can sing it...
Bill, you know how much I do - but over the phone, now really, that's kid stuff...
Wait a minute! You can't hang up, you haven't even said it-
A big hurry, be quick about it - so good night, darling, and sleep tight...
You in a hurry?
- in a tin can, cellophane or wrapped in a Navajo blanket, I want you home...
I leave in a week - the picture's all wrapped up, we previewed last night... those previews. Like opening out of town, but terrifying. There's nothing you can do, you're trapped, you're in a tin can-
When - when are you coming back?
Then you're crazy.
That I am...
You're my girl, aren't you?
Bill? Have I gone crazy, Bill?
What a thoughtful, ever-lovin' thing to do-
Call me when you get in...
Knit me a muffler.
As of this moment you're six years old...
Am I going to lose you, Bill? Am I?
And cut that out right now.
I don't want to be childish, I'd settle for just a few years-
How childish are you going to get before you quit it?
- you're a setup for some gorgeous wide-eyed young babe.
Everybody can't be Gregory Peck.
You're not such a bargain, you know, conceited and thoughtless and messy-
I'll try.
Don't get stuck on some glamour puss-
Huh?
Bill...
I understand they've got the Indians pretty well in hand...
Take care of yourself out there...
All the religions in the world rolled into one, and we're Gods and Goddesses... isn't it silly, suddenly I've developed a big protective feeling for her - a lamb loose in our big stone jungle...
I told her. I sounded off.
Did she tell you about the Theater and what it meant?
The lack of pretense, that sort of strange directness and understanding-
Eve. I'd forgotten they grew that way...
She's quite a girl, that what's-her name...
Byron couldn't have said it more graciously... here we go-
Like a nylon lemon peel-
Can't keep his eyes off my legs.
Where's my coat?
Real diamonds in a wig. The world we live in...
Oh well...  ... look through the wigs, maybe it got caught-
Heaven help me, I love a psychotic.
Hi.  My wonderful junk yard. The mystery and dreams you find in a junk yard-
I'm a junk yard.
Only in some ways. You're prettier...
Show me a human and I might have!
Is it sabotage, does my career mean nothing to you? Have you no human consideration?
Thank you so much.
Forty-five minutes from now my plane takes off and how do I find you? Not ready yet, looking like a junk yard-
Only thing, what I go after, I want to go after. I don't want it to come after me.
Find out.
I'm only human, rumors to the contrary. And I'm as curious as the next man...
You hear all kinds of things.
I'm in love with Margo. Hadn't you heard?
You think?
You're quite a girl.
- and for you.
Your make-up's a little heavy.
When you told me that whatever I became, it would be because of you-
When I told you what every young actress should know.
Then face it. I have. Since that first night - here - in the dressing room.
I'm for it.
You're always after truth - on the stage. What about off?
From what would I be running?
Don't run away, Bill.
The names I've been called. But never Svengali.  Good luck.
Everything.
What have I got to do with it?
So am I.
I'm talking about you. And what you want.
Is that what you want me to be?
- after all, the other day was one scene, the woods are full of one scene sensations. But you did it. With work and patience, you'll be a fine actress. If that's what you want to be.
You shouldn't have had any doubts.
I'll admit I was worried when Max called. I had my doubts.
Are you proud of me, Bill?
- little things here and there, it doesn't matter. You can be proud of yourself, you've got a right to be.
It means concentration of ambition, desire, and sacrifice such as no other profession demands... And I'll agree that the man or woman who accepts those terms can't be ordinary, can't be - just someone. To give so much for almost always so little...
Yes. Yes, it does.
Goodbye, Mr. Sampson.
Thanks for your help... good luck.
Of course not.
I think we'd like very much. Sure you won't mind?
I have a suggestion.  There's really not much time left - I mean, you haven't had a minute alone yet, and - well, I could take care of everything here and meet you at the gate with the ticket... if you'd like.
Ah...
You didn't have to tell me.
Every day.
Also Addison deWitt.
I read George Jean Nathan every week.
Yeah. They keep you under drugs out there with armed guards...
So few come back...
It's only one picture deal.
But Hollywood. You mustn't stay there.
And I shot my mouth off. Nothing personal, junior, no offense...  ... it's just that there's so much bushwah in this Ivory Green Room they call the Theatuh - sometimes it gets up around my chin...
I just asked a simple question.
The Theatuh, the Theatuh-  - what book of rules says the Theater exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City? Or London, Paris or Vienna?  Listen, junior. And learn. Want to know what the Theater is? A flea circus. Also opera. Also rodeos, carnivals, ballets, Indian tribal dances, Punch and Judy, a one-man band - all Theater. Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience - there's Theater. Donald Duck, Ibsen, and The Lone Ranger, Sarah Bernhardt, Poodles Hanneford, Lunt and Fontanne, Betty Grable, Rex and Wild, and Eleanora Duse. You don't understand them all, you don't like them all, why should you? The Theater's for everybody - you included, but not exclusively - so don't approve or disapprove. It may not be your Theater, but it's Theater of somebody, somewhere.
Then why? Why, if you're the best and most successful young director in the Theater-
Eighty percent of it will go for taxes.
Is it the money?
I don't have to. I want to.
Why you have to go out there.
Why what?
Why.
Just wondered what?
I just wondered.
Why?
I told you a lie. We'll make it easily. Margo's got no more conception of time than a halibut.
You said forty-seven minutes. You'll never make it.
Eve. Eve Harrington.
Hello, what's your name?
They can always grab oranges off trees. This you can't do in Times Square...
Bill says actors out there eat just as infrequently as here-
A diamond collar, gold sleeves - you know, picture people...
What did you expect - live sables?
She's on her way. With half the men in the joint.  It's only a fur coat...
But she just got here...
The bed looks like a dead animal act. Which one is sables?
I know. She just keeps hearin' her dead father play the banjo.
Margo does not play a lunatic, Birdie.
No thanks, Birdie.
Lemme fix you a drink.
Well, I certainly think it's odd he hasn't even come up...
I ain't dense. And he's been here twenty minutes.
Don't be dense. The party.
Late for what?
The only thing I ordered by mistake is the guests.  They're domestic, too, and they don't care what they drink as long as it burns... where's Bill? He's late.
There was nothing he didn't know.  There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know we ordered domestic gin by mistake?
That French ventriloquist taught you a lot, didn't he?
The caterer had to back for hors d'oeuvres-  Voila.
You're not being funny, I could get actors for less. What about the food?
There's some loose characters dressed like maids and butlers. Who'd you call - the William Morris Agency?
My back's open.  Did the extra help get here?
You all put together?
I'm sure that's very flattering, Birdie, and I'm sure there's nothing wrong with that!
I'll tell you how. Like - let's see - like she was studyin' you, like you were a play or a book or a set of blueprints. How you walk, talk, think, eat, sleep-
How do you mean that?
Well... let's say she thinks only about you, anyway...
She thinks only for me...  ... doesn't she?
Like an agent with one client.
She's loyal and efficient-
Night an' day.
She works hard.
Now you want an argument.
Why not?
No.
An answer.
Do you want an argument or an answer?
You don't like Eve, do you?
Hmm?
Birdie-
She's got two things to do - carry clothes an' press 'em wrong - an' just let anybody else muscle in...
Oh-oh.
But the wardrobe women have got one. And next to a tenor, a wardrobe woman is the touchiest thing in show business-
Well?
I haven't got a union. I'm slave labor.
Behind in your dues? How much?
If I may so bold as to say something - did you ever hear the word "union"?
Just because you can't even work a zipper. It was very thoughtful, Eve, and I appreciate it-
Adorable. We now got everything a dressing room needs except a basketball hoop.
I couldn't get into the girdle in two an' a half hours...
When we get home you're going to get into one of those girdles and act for two and half hours.
Something maybe grew a size bigger.
You bought the new girdles a size smaller. I can feel it.
See you home...
Kill the people.  Got your key?
Imagine. All this admiration in just one room.
She, too, is a great admirer of yours.
You don't have to apologize for me!  I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talkin'...
There are some human experiences, Birdie, that do not take place in a vaudeville house - and that even a fifth-rate vaudevillian should understand and respect!  I want to apologize for Birdie's-
If I haven't, I'll find something till you're normal.
I'm sure you must have things to do in the bathroom, Birdie dear.
Miss Coonan...
Oh, brother.
And this is my good friend and companion, Miss Birdie Coonan.
Oh, brother.
How do you do, my dear.
Well. I guess a real tight girdle help when you're playin' a lunatic.
Of course!
The same size?
Buy some.
You need new girdles.
I never played Fort Sumter.
It was Fort Sumter they fired on-
You rest. I'll get it...
That's the door.
I don't care if I never get home.
It's after one now. You won't get home till all hours.
With changing and everything, a little over an hour.
How long does it take?
Subway.
How'd you get all the way up here from Brooklyn?
Don't bother.
I'll just pick up the broken glass.
The maid'll fix it in the morning.
That spilled drink is going to ruin your carper.
I might.
You're going to Hollywood - aren't you?  From the trunks you're packing, you must be going to stay a long time.
Lots of actresses come from Brooklyn. Barbara Stanwyck, Susan Hayward - of course, they're just movie stars.
Erasmus Hall. That's in Brooklyn, isn't it?
Ours was one of the first. Erasmus Hall. I'm the president.
I've heard of them.
About how you live, what kind of clothes you wear - what kind of perfume and books - things like that. You know the Eve Harrington clubs - that they've got in most of the girls' high schools?
What report? To whom?
It was for my report.
Probably not.
You probably won't believe me.
What for?
That's all.
You were just looking around...
I hid outside in the hall till the maid came to turn down your bed. She must've forgot something and when she went to get it, she left the door open. I sneaked in and hid till she finished. Then I just looked around - and pretty soon I was afraid somebody'd notice the lights were on so I turned them off - and then I guess, I fell asleep.
How did you get in here?
Please don't have me arrested, please! I didn't steal anything - you can search me!
I - I guess I fell asleep.
What are you doing here?
Miss Harrington...
Who are you?
Thank you, Karen.
Congratulations, Eve.
But not all of it - not that Lloyd and I are going to be married.
She knows enough not to be here.
I'd do much more - for a part that good.
A part in a play. You'd do all that - just for a part in a play.
That won't be necessary. Addison knows how Margo happen to miss that performance - how I happened to know she'd miss it in time to call him and notify every paper in town...  ... it's quite a story. Addison could make quite a thing of it - imagine how snide and vicious he could get and still write nothing but the truth. I had a time persuading him...  ... you'd better sit down. You look a bit wobbly.  If I play "Cora," Addison will never tell what happened - in or out of print. A simple exchange of favors. And I'm so happy I can do something for you - at long last...  Your friendship with Margo - your deep, close friendship - what would happen to it, do you think, if she knew the chap trick you'd played on her - for my benefit? And you and Lloyd - how long, even in the Theater, before people forgot what happened - and trusted you again?  No... it would be so much easier on everyone concerned, if I were to play "Cora." And so much better theater, too...
Over my dead body...
Addison wants me to play it.
I don't think anything in the world could make me say that.
"Cora" is my part. You've got to tell Lloyd it's for me.
You talk just as Addison said you did.
It could have been - fifteen years ago. It's my part now.
After all you've said... don't you know the part was written for Margo?
If you told him so, he'd give me the part. He said he would.
You want to play "Cora." You want me to tell Lloyd I think you should play it.
Something most important you can do.
I think I know...
Give yourself time. Don't worry too much about what people think, you're very young and very talented...  ... and, believe it or not, if there's anything I can do-
I wish I could believe that.
Yes, you will. You Theater people always do. Nothing is forever in the Theater. Love or hate, success or failure - whatever it is, it's here, it flares up and burns hot - and then it's gone.
I'll never get over it.
Eve. I - I don't think you meant to cause unhappiness. But you did. More to yourself, perhaps - as it turned out - than to anyone else...
I wish I'd never met him, I'd like him to be dead... I want my friends back.
He can help you.
He's not my friend. You were my friends...
Well. I think you're painting the picture a little darker than it is, really. If nothing else - and don't underestimate him - you have a powerful friend in Addison.
- an understudy's performance.
But the raves about your performance-
Some vague promises of a test, that's all - if a particular part should come along, one of those things-
Tell me. How did your lunch turn out - with the man from Hollywood?
I'm not crying.
Eve... don't cry.
You've really got a low opinion of me, haven't you? We'll I'll give you some pleasant news. I've been told off in no uncertain terms all over town. Miss Channing should be happy to hear that. To know how loyal her friends are - how much more loyal they are than she had a right to expect me to be...
Let's not get over-dramatic.
No! I don't expect you to believe anything. Except that the responsibility is mine. And the disgrace.
Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison?
In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-
- and you felt just like that talking to Addison.
You know, I've always considered myself a very clever girl. Smart. Good head on my shoulders, that sort of thing, never the wrong word at the wrong time... but then, I'd never met Addison deWitt.  I remember once I had a tooth pulled. They gave me some anaesthetic - I don't remember the name - and it affected me in a strange way. I heard myself saying things I wasn't even thinking... as if my mind were someplace outside of my body, and couldn't control what I did or said-
Why shouldn't you?  Please sit down.
- and easy or not, I won't believe a word.
Oh, but there is-
There can't be very much-
I've got a lot to say. And none of it is easy.
Can't we sit down? Just for a minute...
I don't intend to be.
I don't expect you to be pleasant.
Don't get up.  And don't act as if I were the queen mother.
I was wondering whether you'd come at all..
Nothing definite yet - it's just to have lunch.
They certainly don't waste much time.
We're having lunch with a movie talent scout.
Mostly relief that I managed to stagger through it at all...
Eve. I've heard the most wonderful things about your performance-
Please...
Don't bother, I can take it up myself...
May I have your coat?
No, Eve, I won't forget...
Karen...  ... you won't forget, will you? What we talked about before?
Well - if she's got to pick on someone, I'd just as soon it was me.
Eve. I'm fond of Margo too. But I know Margo. And every now and then there is nothing I want to do so much as to kick her right square in the pants.
If I thought I'd offended her, of all people-
The reason is Margo and don't try to figure it out. Einstein couldn't.
But there must be some reason, something I've done without knowing...
You mustn't mind Margo too much, even if I do...
I seem to be forever thanking you for something, don't I?
I won't forget.
You won't forget it?
Of course.
Then - would you talk to Mr. Fabian about it?
They'll do as they're told.
But Mr. Richards and Mr. Sampson-
I think she would cheer.
Do you think Miss Channing would approve?
No, dear. Margo must go on.  As a matter of fact, I see no reason why you shouldn't be Margo's understudy...
The show must go on.
Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays.
I don't let myself think about it, even-  - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl-  - but suppose I had to go on one night? To an audience that came to see Margo Channing. No, I couldn't possibly...
... you want to be Margo's new understudy.
Well... Miss Channing's affairs are in such good shape... there isn't enough to keep me as busy as I should be, really - not that I've ever considered anything that would take me away from her... but the other day - when I heard Mr. Fabian tell Miss Channing that her understudy was going to have a baby, and they'd have to replace her...
Nobody's done so much, Eve, you've got to stop thinking of yourself as one of the Hundred Neediest Cases... what is it?
Karen...  ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.
Karen.
Mrs. Richards.
Lloyd says Margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality...  ... next to that sable, my new mink seems like an old bedjacket...  ... you've done your share, Eve. You've worked wonders with Margo...
There should be a new word for happiness. Being here with Miss Channing has been - I just can't say, she's been so wonderful, done so much for me-
Tell me, Eve - how are things with you? Happy?
Hollywood.
Discouraging, isn't it? Women with furs like that where it never gets cold...
Some Hollywood movie star, her plane got in late.
Now who's show up at this hour? It's time people went home - hold that coat up...  ... whose is it?
I'd like that.
Not just that way. As a friend...
I'll be at the old stand, tomorrow matinee-
Good night, Eve. I hope I see you again soon-
I think I'd better. It's been - well, I can hardly find the words to say how it's been...
You're not going, are you?
It couldn't possibly interest you.
Eve... why don't you start at the beginning?
Well...
Try...
If I only knew how...
My husband...
Hello, Miss Channing.
Not at all.  Margo, this is Eve Harrington.
I thought you'd forgotten about me.
Eve. Eve Harrington.
You look just fine...  ... by the way. What's your name?
But if I'd known... maybe some other time... I mean, looking like this.
There isn't another like you, there couldn't be-
No, I'd be imposing on her, I'd be just another tongue-tied gushing fan...
She's got to meet you-
Oh, no...
I'm going to take you to Margo...
Standing room doesn't cost much. I manage.
You see the play? You've seen the play every performance?  But, don't you find it - I mean apart from everything else - don't you find it expensive?
Oh, no. I see the play.
He'll agree with you. Tell me, what do you between the time Margo goes in and comes out? Just huddle in that doorway and wait?
He's the best.
Bill Sampson? He's - he's a director.
You're Margo Channing's best friend. You and your husband are always with her - and Mr. Sampson... what's he like?
To speak to just a playwright's wife? I'm the lowest form of celebrity...
I've seen you so often - it took every bit of courage I could raise-
Not at all.
I hope you don't mind my speaking to you...
Why should you be? After all, six nights a week - for weeks - of watching even Margo Channing enter and leave a theater-
Why should you think I wouldn't be?
So there you are. It seemed odd, suddenly, your not being there...
I was dreadful, Miss Channing, believe me - I have no right to be anyone's understudy, much less yours...
Back to Copacabana. But Eve. Margo, let me tell you about Eve-
I hope so, Mr. Richards. Good night...
It's been a real pleasure, Eve.
Farmers were poor in those days, that's what dad was - a farmer. I had to help out. So I quit school and I went to Milwaukee. I became a secretary. In a brewery.  When you're a secretary in a brewery - it's pretty hard to make believe you're anything else. Everything is beer. It wasn't much fun, but it helped at home -  and there was a Little Theater Group... like a drop of rain in the desert. That's where I met Eddie. He was a radio technician. We played 'Liliom' for three performances, I was awful - then the war came, and we got married. Eddie was in the air force - and they sent him to the South Pacific. You were with the O.W.I., weren't you Mr. Richards?  That's what 'Who's Who' says... well, with Eddie gone, my life went back to beer. Except for a letter a week. One week Eddie wrote he had a leave coming up. I'd saved my money and vacation time. I went to San Francisco to meet him.  Eddie wasn't there. They forwarded the telegram from Milwaukee - the one that came from Washington to say that Eddie wasn't coming at all. That Eddie was dead...  ... so I figured I'd stay in San Francisco. i was alone, but couldn't go back without Eddie. I found a job. And his insurance helped... and there were theaters in San Francisco. And one night Margo Channing came to play in 'Remembrance'... and I went to see it. And - well - here I am...
Not at all...
I guess it started back home. Wisconsin, that is. There was just mum, and dad - and me. I was the only child, and I made believe a lot when I was a kid - I acted out all sorts of things... what they were isn't important. But somehow acting and make-believe began to fill up my life more and more, it got so that I couldn't tell the real from the unreal except that the unreal seemed more real to me... I'm talking a lot of gibberish, aren't I?
'Remembrance'.
Well... it started with the play before this one...
Let's get back to this one. Have you really seen every performance?  Why? I'm curious...
There was an item in the Times. i like the title. 'Footsteps on the Ceiling'.
How'd hear about it?
I'd like anything Miss Channing played...
Every performance? Then - am I safe in assuming you like it?
No, thank you.  Yes. I've seen every performance.
How do you do, Mr. Richards.
Hello, Miss Harrington.
What a pity, all that fire and music being turned off...
... and if you'd come in the middle, I'd have stopped, I couldn't have gone on-
Why not?
Well, if you'd been here to begin with, I wouldn't have dared to read at all...
Really, Eve? Why?
Miss Channing, I can't tell you how glad I am that you arrived so late.
How are you making out in Mr. Fabian's office?  I don't want you working the child too hard, Max - just because you promised. As you see, I kept my promise, too...
Hello, Miss Channing.
Terribly sorry I'm late, lunch was long and I couldn't find a cab - where's Miss Caswell, shall we start? Oh, hello, Eve...
I had no idea you knew each other.
Good evening, Mr. deWitt.
Thank you, Eve. I'd like a Martini - very dry.
The hors d'oeuvres are here. Is there anything else I can do?
Of course.
Some snowy night in front of the fire... in the meantime, while we're on the subject, will you check about the hors d'oeuvres? The caterer forgot them, the varnish wasn't dry or something...
I'd like to hear it.
I wouldn't like.
If you'd like.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-
Don't get up. And please stop acting as if I were the queen mother.
Mr. Sampson's birthday. I certainly wouldn't forget that. You'd never forgive me.  As a matter of fact, I sent him a telegram myself...
Yes, I guess you were. It - it was very thoughtful of you, Eve.
Well, I was sure you'd want to, of course, being his birthday, and you've been so busy these past few days, and last night I meant to tell you before you went out with the Richards - and I guess I was asleep when you got home...
Yes, dear. You forgot all about it.
Oh, golly. And I forgot to tell you-
Eve...  ... by any chance, did you place a call from me to Bill for midnight California time?
That's my job.  See you at tea time...
It seems I can't think of a thing you haven't thought of...
Right here.
- and those checks or whatever it is for the income tax man.
I've got it.
There's the script to go back to the Guild-
Oh, come now, as though you were an old lady... I'm on my way. Is there anything more you've thought of-?
Quite sure. I find it just a bit too - too "Seventeenish" for me...
I can imagine... you know, all it needed was some taking in here and letting out there - are you sure you won't want it yourself?
Very becoming. It looks better on you than it did on me.
Well - what do you think of my elegant new suit?
No trouble at all.
Don't bother. Mrs. Brown'll be along for it in a minute.
While you're cleaning up, I'll take this to the wardrobe mistress-
They are lovely. Aren't they lovely, Birdie?
The curtains. I made them myself.
Well, you've done so much... what's new?
You haven't noticed my latest bit of interior decorating...
When he gets too close, I'll spit in his eye.
During your second act scene with your father, Roger Ferraday's supposed to stay way upstage at the arch. He's been coming closer down every night...
Well, teacher's away and actors will be actors...
I mean the performance. Except for you, you'd think he'd never even directed it - it's disgraceful the way they change everything around...
You certainly can. Especially if you're me between now and tomorrow morning...
I must say you can certainly tell Mr. Sampson's been gone a month.
Performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well-padded booby hatch...
I could watch you play that last scene a thousand times and cry every time-
What - again?
I won't be a minute.
Well - if I'm not in the way...
Stick around. Please. Tell you what - we'll put Stanislavsky on his plane, you and I, then go somewhere and talk.
The four of you must have so much to say to each other - with Mr. Sampson leaving...
No, don't go...
San Francisco. It was the last week. I went one night... the most important night in my life - until this one. Anyway... I found myself going the next night - and the next and the next. Every performance. Then, when the show went East - I went East.
Did you see it here in New York?
Not with you in them. Not by Mr. Richards...
There are other plays...
Well. If I didn't come to see the play, I wouldn't have anywhere else to go.
Of course it is.
Please, don't misunderstand me, Mr. Richards. I think that part of Miss Channing's greatness lies in her ability to choose the best plays... your new play is for Miss Channing, isn't it, Mr. Richards?
You'll be there, won't you.
I remember.
Very classy stuff, lots of technique-
Check.
But not right away? First the business of fighting them off, chin up, stout fella...
With tears.
With tears?
Well... all right.
Karen, in all the years of our friendship, I have never let you go to the Ladies' Room alone. But now I must. I am busting to know what goes on in that feverish little brain waiting there...
The little witch must have had Indians runners out snatching critics out of bars, steam rooms and museums or wherever they hole up... well, she won't get away with it! Nor will Addison deWitt and his poison pen! If Equity or my lawyer can't or won't do anything about it, I will personally stuff that pathetic little lost lamb down Mr. deWitt's ugly throat...
Lloyd says it's a publicity release...
In this rat race, everybody's guilty till they're proved innocent! One of the differences between the Theater and civilization...  ... what gets me is how all of those papers in town happened to catch that particular performance!
I can't believe Eve said those things!
It get better! "- About the understandable reluctance on the part of our entrenched First Ladies of the Stage to encourage, shall we say - younger - actresses; about Miss Harrington's own long and unsupported struggle for opportunity-"
I just can't believe it.
"... my hat which has, lo, these many seasons become more firmly rooted about my ears, is lifted to Miss Harrington. I am once more available for dancing in the streets and shouting from the housetops." ... I thought that one went out with Woollcott...  Down here... here, listen to this- "... Miss Harrington had much to tell - and these columns shall report her faithfully - about the lamentable practice in our Theater of permitting, shall we say - mature - actresses to continue playing roles requiring a youth and vigor of which they retain but a dim memory-"
Don't give it another thought, one of destiny's many pranks. After all, you didn't personally drain the gasoline out of the tank...
This. I can't tell you how sorry I am!
About what?
Margo.  Margo, I want you to know how sorry I am about this...
Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman...  ... slow curtain. The end.
Well...
About Eve. I've acted pretty disgracefully toward her, too.
Silly, isn't it? You'd think they'd fix it so people could just sit in a car and keep warm...
I don't suppose the heater runs when the motor doesn't?
Isn't that what they always say?
Not to you. Not to Bill.
Those years stretch as the years go on. I've seen it happen too often.
Margo. Bill is all of eight years younger than you.
Bill's in love with Margo Channing. He's fought with her, worked with her, loved her... but ten years from now - Margo Channing will have ceased to exist. And what's left will be... what?
Why should he - and why should you?
More than anything in this world, I love Bill. And I want Bill. I want him to want me. But me. Not Margo Channing. And if I can't tell they apart - how can he?
He's in love with you.
What about Bill?
What about Bill?
And what is that? Besides something spelled out in light bulbs, I mean. Besides something called temperament, which consists mostly of swooping about on a broomstick creaming at the top of my voice... infants behave the way I do, you know. They carry on and misbehave - they'd get drunk if they knew how - when they can't have what they want. When they feel unwanted and insecure - or unloved.
You're Margo. Just - Margo.
So many people - know me. I wish I did. I wish someone would tell be about me...
We're never deeply angry, we just get sore. The way you do. We know you too well...
Come to think of it, I haven't been very pleasant for weeks. For that, I'm truly sorry. More than any two people I know, I don't want you and Lloyd to be angry with me...
We've all seemed a little tense lately...
Karen.  I haven't been pleasant this weekend.
I detest cheap sentiment.
It doesn't matter.
Do you want it on?
Be brave. He'll come back - with or without gas.
I just never think of Lloyd as anywhere but indoors and anything but sitting down.
It seems to me that walking, for most people, is not very dangerous.
He always looks so pathetic whenever he does anything physical-
Not many car either, not much chance of a lift...
None in sight, there aren't many along this back road...
Any houses or farms around where we can borrow gas?
Three or four miles...
How far to the station?
Roughly ten minutes.
How much time have we?
Peace and quit is for libraries.
Of all people you should know what it means to want some peace and quiet-
That little place just two hours form New York. It's on my list of things-I'll-never-understand. Like collecting shrunken Indian heads...
I'm so happy you're happy.
Margo, nothing you've ever done has made me as happy as your taking Eve in...
Please don't play governess, Karen, I haven't your unyielding good taste, I wish I'd gone to Radcliffe too but father wouldn't hear of it - he needed help at the notions counter...  I'm being rude now, aren't I? OR should I say "ain't I"?
Margo, really...
I was telling Margo and Lloyd about how often you'd seen the play...
Would you like a drink? It's right beside you...
I'm so sorry... Harrington. Won't you sit down?
Harrington.
Dear Birdie. Won't you sit down, Miss Worthington?
The heave-ho.
She's just outside the door.
You've what?
Well... there's one indoors now. I've brought her back to see you.
They're nobody's fans! They're juvenile delinquents, mental detectives, they're nobody's audience, they never see a play or a movie, even - they're never indoors long enough!
They're your fans, your audience-
Autograph fiends! They're not people - those little beast who run in packs like coyotes-
Yes, it is! You're talented, famous, wealthy - people waiting around night after night just to see you, even in the wind and rain...
Ain't it the truth?
It's just that you get me so mad sometimes... of all the women in the world with nothing to complain about-
Relax, kid. It's only me and my big mouth...
I find these wisecracks increasingly less funny! 'Aged in Wood' happens to be a fine and distinguished play-
It's the tight girdle that does it.
Hi.  "Well, now Mis' Channin', ah don't think you can rightly say we lost the wah, we was mo' stahved out, you might say - an' that's what ah don' unnerstand about all these plays about love-stahved Suth'n women - love is one thing we was nevah stahved for the South!"
Hi.  Hello, darling-
Then tell me this isn't true! That your concern for your play and career is one thing - and that poor frightened hysterical girl another - and that your concern for her has nothing to do with either your play or your career!
Old wives' tales, born of envy and jealousy! And a phobia against truth!
Have you forgotten about Eve? What she is, what she's done?
- and for my feelings in particular! For my play, my career - and now for a frightened, hysterical girl on the eve of her first night in the Theater!
I'm a human being, I've got some!
I didn't think you would! It seems to me, Karen, that for some tine, now, you've been developing a deep unconcern for the feeling of human being in general-
Did Miss Harrington tell you to call Mr. Richards?
Who is it? What's it all about?
Nothing...
What's so funny?
Not much.
You mean - all this time - she'd done nothing but apologize? What'd you say?
Nothing much. She apologized.
- well? What happened?
I have no possible interest in anything she'd have to say.
After all, maybe she just wants to apologize...
What are you going to wear?
Three days, that's for the bourgeois - I see a midnight elopement, waking up a village person...
Margo!
Well of all-
You - for one. I told her you were set on Margo playing the part - and I certainly wouldn't make a change without your approval.
Such as?
Darling, I didn't promise Eve anything. Just said I thought she'd be fine for the part, but there were some practical difficulties...
They'd die without each other.
I'm glad Bill's back.
Margo in the Cub Room. I couldn't be more surprised if she'd said Grant's Tomb.
Margo - and Bill - want us to meet them at the Cub Room tonight, after theater. For a bottle of wine.
The cynicism you refer to, I acquired the day I discovered I was different from little boys!
That bitter cynicism of yours is something you've acquired since you left Radcliffe!
On her knees, I have no doubt! Very touching, very Academy-of-Dramatic Arts!
All this fuss and hysteria because an impulsive kid got carried away by excitement and the conniving of a professional manure slinger named deWitt! She apologized, didn't she?
It strikes me that Eve's disloyalty and ingratitude must be contagious!
Now just a minute!
Margo Channing has not been exactly a compromise all these years, half the playwrights in the world would give their shirts for that particular compromise!
Now just a minute-
Lloyd Richards, you are not to consider giving that contemptible little worm the part of "Cora."
For once, to write something and have it realized completely. For once, not to compromise-
With gestures, of course.
No, I got the idea myself - while she was talking to me...
Eve would ask Abbott to give her Costello.
Eve did mention the play, you know. But just in passing - she's never ask to play a part like "Cora," she'd never have the nerve...
Now you're quoting Addison. Or Eve.
You've got to admit it would be a novelty.
Maybe get some younger actress for the part? Someone who'd look the part as well as play it?
If we could cast it properly, that is...
I'm beginning to catch up.
If - instead of waiting until next season to do 'Footsteps on the Ceiling', which is in pretty good shape - and if Margo can be talked into going on tour with 'Aged in Wood' - we could put 'Footsteps...' into production right away...
I'm trying hard to follow you.
What with taxes coming up - and since I'm a playwright and not an oil well operator - well, I've been thinking...
That's quite a change of subject.
You know, I've been going over our financial condition - if you'll pardon the expression...
I wonder why.
She wanted to explain about her interview, wanted to apologize to someone - and didn't dare face Margo...
That was a pity...
She's been to see me, as a matter of fact she left just before you came in - you just missed her...
Eve?
Eve.
Where'd you get all that information?
- it's Addison, from start to finish, it drips with his brand of venom... taking advantage of a kid like that, twisting her words, making her say what he wanted her to say-
Don't joke about such things.
What a way to die - trying to get an actress to the theater in time. Tell Max I want to be buried with royalties...
You'll break your neck on that ice.
Incredible.
I guess I didn't look. You know I don't pay attention to those things...
But it can't be! We can't be out of gas! I filled it myself yesterday!  Wasn't it full when you drove to Brewster this morning?
Just a little skid, that's all. This road's like glass.
Lloyd, be careful...
Five-fifty-five. We'll be at the station in plenty of time...
I just don't want Margo to miss her train. As it is, she'll barely make the theater...
When you asked a minute ago it was five-forty-two. It is now five forty-three. When you ask a minute from no, it will be-
What time is it?
Well. We've spent weekends before with nobody talking...  ... just be sure to lock up all blunt instruments and throwable objects...
We're driving out to the country tomorrow night. Just the four of us. Bill, Margo, you and I...
What is?
It's going to be a cozy weekend.
Margo. Margo's great. She knows it. That's the trouble. She can play Peck's Bad Boy all she wants, and who's to stop her? Who's to give her that boot in the rear she needs and deserves?
Margo hasn't done badly by it.
- everything a playwright first thinks of wanting to write about... until his play becomes a vehicle for Miss Channing...
- don't run out of adjectives, dear.
Of course she knew! For one thing, Addison told her how superbly Eve had read the part-!  Karen, let me tell you about Eve. She's got everything - a born actress. Sensitive, understanding, young, exciting, vibrant-
It's just possible she didn't...
Then a childish, heavy-handed routine about not knowing Eve was her understudy-
That's on time for Margo.
And again and again! Two hours late for the audition, to begin with-
Margo, again...
Up to here! That's where I've got it - up to here! Of all the star ridden, presumptuous, hysterical-
Lloyd, what happened...?
In a minute...
Coming?
It's about time we did! It's about time Margo realized that what's attractive on stage need not necessarily be attractive off.
Now let's not get into a big hassle-
If you'd only see her, you're her whole life - you must have spotted her by now, she's always there...
That book is out of print, Karen, those days are gone. Fans no longer pull the carriage through the streets - they tear off clothes and steal wrist watches...
You can't put her out, I promised... Margo, you've got to see her, she worships you, it's like something out of a book-
Easy, now...
The critics thought so, the audiences certainly think so - packed houses, tickets for months in advance - I can't see that either of Lloyd's last two plays have hurt you any!
- 'at's my loyal little woman.
Loud.
How was the concert?
It means I've finally got a life to live! I don't have to play parts I'm too old for - just because I've got nothing to do with my nights!  I know you've made plans. I'll make it up to you, believe me. I'll tour a year with this one, anything - only you do understand - don't you, Lloyd?
What's your being married got to do with it?
Now wait a minute, you're always so touchy about his plays, it isn't the part - it's a great part. And a fine play. But not for me anymore - not a foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady.
Well. I don't want to play "Cora."
I don't think I could be.
I mean really, deeply angry...
That depends.
She is a louse.
You know, she probably means well, after all...
... and Bill. Especially Bill. Eve did that, too.
Lloyd, I want you to be big about this... the world is full of love tonight, no woman is safe...
Very discreet. A note right out in the open like that. Next time tell your lover to blow smoke rings - or tap a glass...
City Hall, that's for prize fighters, and reporters - I see a cathedral, a bishop, banks of flowers...
Yes, sir.
Too bad.
It's been quite a night. I understand that your understudy - Miss Harrington - has given her notice.
Thank you, Lloyd. Godspeed.
The audience will want its money refunded, believe me.
How fortunate that I have an understudy so ready, so willing and so able to go on.
It's not important whether you do. We are wearing long underwear.
I have no intention of having an accident!
Karen and I just don't want an accident-
It's about time the piano realized it has not written the concerto!
Usually at the point when she's got to rewrite and rethink them to keep the audience from leaving the theater!
I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself a mind! Just when exactly does an actress decide they're her words she's saying and her thoughts she's expressing?
Then you listened as if someone else had written you play - whom did you have in mind? Sherwood? Arthur Miller? Beaumont and Fletcher?
I never said it was!
Perfectly innocent! Man have been hanged for less! I'm lied to, attacked behind my back, accused of reading your silly dialogue inaccurately - as if it were Holy Gospel!
You have a genius for making barroom brawl out of a perfectly innocent misunderstanding at most!
Not mouse, never mouse! If anything - rat!
You knew when you came in that the audition was over, that Eve was your understudy! Playing that childish game of cat and mouse...
- in this case, apparently, as trustworthy as the World Almanac!
You've been talking to that venomous fishwife, Addison deWitt-
It's right to the point. Also that it must have sounded so new and fresh to you - so exciting to have the lines read as you wrote them!
That's beside the point.
I mean, among other things, that it must have been a revelation to have your twenty-four-year-old character played by twenty-four-year-old actress...
What do you mean?
To you, too?
She was a revelation...
I'm sure.
You'd have been proud of her.
I'm sure you underestimate yourself, Eve. You always do.  You were about to tell me about Eve...
It seems almost inconceivable that I haven't seen her backstage, but with so many people loitering around... well, well. So Eve is not working for Max after all-  - Max you sly puss.
I thought you knew... She was put on over a week ago-
Eve? Eve, my understudy? But I had no idea...
She's your understudy.
Just one person. Isn't that so?  You know what this is all about, don't you? It has very little to do with whether you should play "Cora" - it has everything to do with the fact that you've had another fight with Bill.
... as young as they want, you mean. And I'm not interested in whether thousands of people think I'm six or six hundred-
Week after week, to thousands of people, you're as young as you want...
Spoken like an author.  Lloyd, I'm not twentyish. I am not thirtyish. Three months ago, I was forty years old. Forty. Four oh.  That slipped out, I hadn't quite made up my mind to admit it. Now I feel as if I'd suddenly taken all my clothes off...
I know what I'm talking about, after all they're my plays...
Miss Channing is ageless. Spoken like a press agent.
Margo, you haven't got any age.
Don't be evasive.
How do you mean?
Don't you think it's about time it became important?
Twentyish. It isn't important.
"Cora." She's - still a girl of twenty?
The play? All right, I guess...
How's the new one coming?
I will.
When you do, let me in on it.
Not exactly. Sometimes, though, I wish I understood you better.
You disapprove of me when I'm like this, don't you?
Shucks. And my autograph book is at the cleaners.
Too many. And you've got a new guest. A movie star from Hollywood.
Who's left out there?
Up in the room.
Where is she?
There you are, both of you. Max, Karen has decided it's time to go.
What is he talking about?
The general atmosphere is very Macbethish. What has or is about to happen?
... Among so many quiet qualities.
I like that girl. That quality of quiet graciousness...
And you pose as a playwright. A situation pregnant with possibilities - and all you can think of is everybody to go to sleep...
How about calling it a night?
I doubt very much that you'd like her in 'The Hairy Ape'.
Would you, really? How sweet-
Within your time, buster. Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice, normal woman who shoots her husband.
That was way back...
Honey chili had a point. You know, I can remember plays about women - even from the South - where it never even occurred to them whether they wanted to marry their fathers more than their brothers...
Go ahead, please...
I placed...?
We are ready with the call you placed for 12 midnight, California time, to Mr. William Sampson in Beverly Hills...
That's right, but I don't understand-
It this Templeton 89970? Miss Margo Channing?
Call, what call?
We are ready with your call to Beverly Hills...
Hello..
My dear Horowitz. In the first place, I'm paying you union scale. Second, it's my piano. Third, if everybody doesn't like kind of dying on the vine, they can get off the vine and go home. "Liebestraum."
Look, Miss Channing... it's kind of depressing. If you don't mind my saying so, everybody's kind of dying on the vine...
"Liebestraum."
No. You're just crazy about "Liebestraum."
Then this will be five. I suppose you think I'm too drunk to count.
But that was the fourth straight time.
Play it again.
I just played it.
"Liebestraum."
Not until the last drugstore has sold its last pill!
I said I'm a dying man!
I didn't hear you.
Who am I to threaten? I'm a dying man.
Answer my question!
Are you breaking the contract?
Are you threatening me with legal action, Mr. Fabian?
This is for lawyers to talk about, this concerns a run-of-the-play contract, and this you can't rewrite or ad lib!
That's my Max.
I promise.
Promise.
I don't know if this would be a wise move...
Think of your health, Max - more time to relax out in the fresh air at a race track...
Well...
She'd be a great help - read scripts, interview people you have to see, get rid of the ones you don't have to... you'd be a man of leisure-
But what could she do?
You said yourself my inventory was in good shape - all of my merchandise put away. To keep her here with nothing to do - I'd be standing in her way... and you need her, Max.
Margo, I wouldn't think of taking that girl away from you...
You get quick action, don't you?
Give Eve Harrington job in you office.
All you got to do is name it.
Not at all. And you could do me a big favor, if you would-
This is real cooperation. I appreciate it.
Anything to help you out, Max.
Would you?
I tell you what. Why don't I read with her?
A couple of weeks.
When's the audition?
I feel right now like there's one burning in me.
Well, if she can act, she might not be bad. She looks like she might burn down a plantation...
An audition for the part we're replacing. What's-her-name, your sister...
Miss Caswell?  What?
The situation I'm in ain't the kind you can belch your way out. I made a promise...
Here you are, Maxie dear. One good burp and you'll be rid of that Miss Caswell...
I love you, Max. I really mean it. I love you. Come to the pantry.
Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends.
Poor Max. Heartburn?  It's that Miss Caswell. I don't know why she doesn't give Addison heartburn.
Margo. You by any chance got bicarbonate of soda in the house?
I ain't gonna die. Not with a hit.
Supposed you dropped dead. What about your inventory?
How about me what?
Make it Bergdorf Goodman... and now everything is on its proper shelf, eh, Max? Done up in little ribbons. I could die right now and nobody'd be confused. How about you, Max?
So I guess you could say that we screwed up, but we weren't wrong.
I finally got through to Sloan--it was all a misunderstanding that we had: he would have told the Grand Jury about Haldeman, he was ready to, only nobody on the Grand Jury asked him the goddamn question.
Goddamnit!--
You overslept?
Only everything...
What was the mistake? Do you think it's been rigged, all along the way, leading us on so they could slip it to us when it mattered? They couldn't have set us up better; after all these months our credibility's gone, you know what that means?
Hmm?
Woodward?
--We got twenty minutes to deadline--
I know a guy in the Justice Department who was around the Grand Jury. 
--Deep Throat won't confirm--I never thought he was scared of anyone, but he's scared of Haldeman.
How many fucking sources they think we got?--
--and the FBI confirms--what more do you need?--
--Sloan told the Grand Jury--he answered everything they asked him-- that means there's a record somewhere--
--he said John Haldeman, not Bob Haldeman--
--Jesus--
Maybe we are...
I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun.
Same as Magruder, I don't like it when they turn out to be human.
What's the matter?
It's nothing personal, though. 
Well, we are trying to ruin his life.
What if I went up and introduced myself--think he'd slug me?
Nah.  Maybe.
Haldeman.
Who?
I think that's him.
--we're working on the last guy now and we're going all the way--that fifth man was Haldeman.
--Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, Kalmbach--
--That cash fund that financed the sabotaging of the Democrats--five guys had control--
We're inside the White House now.
He'll give us a sworn statement.
Could have won him a fraternity paddle with a White House seal.  God knows it worked.
You think this was Clawsen's initiation?
It makes a crazy kind of sense-- remember that initiation rite they have at the White House? Each new member of the President's staff has to prove his guts by getting an enemy of Nixon.
You think we're being set up?--Christ, Deep Throat tells you last night that the letter came from inside the White House and up traipses Marilyn naming names.
You asking would I have been one of the President's men?  I would have been.
What would you have done?
--'cause I only know four chords--
California, Illinois, Florida, New Hampshire--all the major Democratic primary states.  Why does everything you play sound the same?
Segovia begged me for me secret but I said, "No, Andres, you'll have to try and make it without me."
Segretti criss-crossed the country over ten times in six months--and never stayed anyplace over a night or two.  Switch to another station, huh? You're driving me crazy with that.
If he self-destructed.
--because a year before, the Republicans weren't ahead, not in the polls, Muskie was running ahead of Nixon then. Before he self- destructed.
So maybe Watergate wasn't really about Watergate--maybe that was just a piece--
Now the reason no one believed the Republicans is because there wasn't any reason, they were so far ahead. But Segretti was talking to these other lawyers a year before the break- in.
The burglary was done by Cubans or Democrats or Republicans.
Dwight Chapin, Nixon's appointments chief--he knew Segretti in school. Maybe I'm crazy, but this is the first time any of this starts to make sense. What were the three theories?
--Haldeman I know, who else?
That's what we've got to find out, but Segretti went to Southern Cal. and so did a bunch of Nixon men--
How high up, which Republicans?
--for the first time I'm beginning to feel like a fucking reporter-- Woodward, I got a tip. A guy called me up with a tip--  --someone named Donald Segretti contacted a bunch of lawyers and asked them if they'd like to go to work with him screwing up the Democrats, dirty tricks, shit like that. The FBI knows about Segretti-- Howard Hunt made a bunch of phone calls to him--they interrogated him, but on account of Segretti wasn't involved with the break-in, they didn't follow through. But Segretti did a lot of traveling--he called these lawyers from different places, and he told them the Republicans knew what he was doing.
--I haven't said anything--
--I want you to shut up and listen to me--
Then he's got an ax.  Call him anyway.
--almost every source we've used has been Republican, this guy's a card- carrying Democrat.
--has he got an ax?--
--I know a lawyer at Justice--
--shit, who do we know?--
--if we could name the guys got the reports, we'd be ahead again--
--I know, I know--
--we gotta top the Times--
--shit--
Goddamnit--
--just that a lot of reports were sent to CREEP, but he doesn't name who, not here anyway--
--the lookout in the Motor Inn?--  --he say anything we don't know?--
--The L.A. Times has a huge interview with Baldwin--
We'd like to wait til we have all five before we print it.
Look--five men controlled that slush fund as CREEP--three of them we've got, Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, and we're pretty sure of Kalmbach.
--Colson.
--there had to be a White House overseer--
Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am.  I never like it when the other guy's human...
Think Sloan's back?  What's wrong?
And I'll just shitkick in my usual way.
You want me to be the bastard.
He's another Ivy Leaguer so he'll probably expect you to be understanding--might surprise him if you're not.
You mean, who's going to play the mean M.P. and who's going to be the nice one?  Whichever.
How do you want to handle Sloan?
That happens to people.  OK, go on.
--she was really paranoid, the bookkeeper.
--we will--
It goes very high--we've got to find out where--
Then tomorrow's grand jury indictments will just be bullshit.
--we've got to find out who the five guys are--the five with access to the slush fund--they were aware of the break-in.
Go on, go on--
I  couldn't believe what she told me. Eight cups of coffee worth.
You voted for him.
Did he just say what I think he said?
Nixon.
'68.
When?
Who'd you vote for?
Sure.
Republican?
And I'm a Republican.
I hate both parties.
We appreciate your position--really.
--you believe in the President, you wouldn't ever want to do anything disloyal.
We understand your problem--
It's safe, try it, you'll see.
We never reveal our sources, which is why you can talk to us.
I just wish we knew when someone would talk to us, that's all.
And that something's got to be more than just Hunt, Liddy, and the five burglars--those indictments are gonna be bullshit when they come down. What else do we know?
We know there's got to be something or they wouldn't be so panicked.
Anything you've got.
Facts or theory?
It's not us, they were scared before we got there.  What do we know?
I never scared anyone before.
This is terrific work, if you like rejection.
My first day as a copy boy I was sixteen and wearing my only grown-up suit--it was cream colored. At 2:30 the head copy boy comes running up to me and says, "My God, haven't you washed the carbon paper yet? If it's not washed by three, it'll never by dry for tomorrow."  And I said, "Am I supposed to do that?" and he said, "Absolutely, it's crucial." So I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desks and take it to the men's room. I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak, and he says, "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" And I said, "It's 2:30. I'm washing the carbon paper."  Just wanted you to know I've done dumber things than get us lost, that's all.
You're not a kid anymore.
I don't get it... this really was my turf...
Alphabetically, on the CREEP phone list, Miss Helen Abbott of South George Street.
Who's first?
It was there. I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing. But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of...?
Were you eyebrow reading?
--she was panicked, Carl--every time I mentioned Watergate, you could tell.
And?--And?--
For the paper, no; for us, plenty.  I waited a long time and finally this big guy--I guess a bodyguard-- he left and I knocked and she remembered me, we talked awhile.
See her?  Get anything?
--you do?--with access to records?
Christ, and I even know somebody at the phone company--
Why didn't we get that?
---fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP--
--fifteen phone calls--
--I'm trying--
--see?--
Goddamnit--
The fucking New York Times.
What's that?
And you haven't called him?--
I met a Presidential aide once at a social occasion.
That was fun.  What now?
About the past year.
July of '71.
We need a sympathetic face.
You think they are confidential? I don't know anything about how this town works, I haven't lived here a year yet.
It makes sense; Hunt worked for the C.I.A. and the White House was paranoid about Teddy Kennedy.
--a spy, you mean?
Maybe a political operative of some sort--
--Hunt doesn't seem like your ordinary consultant.
--what do you think?--
I lived here all my life, I got a million contacts, but they're all bus boys and bellhops.
What do you think he meant, this particular incident? Were there others? How would we find out? You know anyone important?
Hmm.
Hey?
Right. Nixon didn't get where he got by being dumb--  --listen, that was a Watergate question--
What, though?  It can't be the Republicans--he'd never allow something as stupid as this, not when he's gonna slaughter McGovern anyway.
And McCord was carrying an application for college press credentials for the Democratic convention.  The Times has got to be full of it-- it can't be crazy Cubans.
Well, Barker tried to get blueprints of the Miami Convention Center and the air-conditioning system.
--I'm not interested in theory. What do we know? For example, Hunt's disappeared.
Let me lay a little theory on you--
All right, what do we know?
I was sure trying.
Forget it, the main thing--  --did you call me a failure?
It's OK; I'm sorry I called you a failure.
You heard?  They put us both on the break-in thing. Simons liked the way we worked together.  Listen, I'm sorry I said your story was bullshit.
Fuck you, Carl.
Yeah?
Carl?
Mainly it has to do with your choice of words.
What is it about my writing that's so rotten?
--read 'em both and you'll see--
--no way--
--mine's better--
--I'm smart enough to know my story was solid--
--they're all the same, all those Ivy League places--they teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart--
--Bradlee went to Harvard--
--you only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale--
--and you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure--by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau--
--what have you been here, nine months?--I been in this business since I was sixteen--
--I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia?--
--it was bullshit the way it was--
--it was fine the way it was--
--I sure couldn't hurt it, could I?--
What the hell were you doing rewriting my story--
Oh.
Night.
Morning or night?
11:30.
--what time is it?
Sir, I'd like to ask you a few--
--all that crap, you're putting it in the paper? It's all been denied. You tell your publisher--tell Katie Graham she's gonna get her tit caught in a big fat wringer if that's published. Good Christ! That's the most sickening thing I ever heard.
--to become President Nixon's campaign manager on March 1, Mitchell personally approved withdrawals from the fund--
--jeeeeeeeeesus--
--almost a year before he left the Justice Department--
--jeeeeeeesus--
--according to sources involved in the Watergate investigation. Beginning in the spring of 1971--
--jeeeeeeesus--
--fund that was used to gather information against the Democrats--
--jeeeeeeesus--
John N. Mitchell, while serving as US Attorney General, personally controlled a secret cash fund that--
What does it say?
This?  Naw...
I never could figure just who this Dahlberg was.  Think it might be anything?
--yeah, that was in The Times this morning.
The rest is Barker's bank records. It's mostly the eighty-nine thousand in Mexican cashier's checks--
The telephone calls... we know about that.
I'll never get out of here in time.
Whatever.
You want Barker's phone stuff or his money stuff?
I'm on deadline.
Listen, I've got a dinner--can't we do this tomorrow?
Look, you've been jerking my chain all day. If there's some reason you can't talk to me--like the fact that you've already leaked everything to The New York Times--just say so.
Good. Just tell him I was here, that I'm sorry I missed him--
Well of course.
Mr. Dardis does call in every so often?
He is not in the car.  Sorry.
Could you reach Mr. Dardis by car radio?
I told you, he had to go out on a case.
I called him from Washington. He's the one who asked me to be here at eleven in the morning.
And you will.  But not now.
I'd really like to see Mr. Dardis.
I'm so glad.
Hi, it's me. I'm still here.
Sure. I remember seeing a book about Chappaquiddick on his desk and he was always getting material out of the White House Library and the Library of Congress and--
--Teddy Kennedy?
Oh, the scuttlebutt for awhile was he was investigating Kennedy--
Any idea what he did?
Sure. Him I liked, he was a very nice person. Secretive too, traveled all over, but a decent man.
--Howard Hunt?
Sorry.  Now if it was Hunt you were interested in--
At USC, you had a word the this-- screwing up the opposition you all did it at college and called it ratfucking.  Ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of them all?
Can't help you.
It gets interesting if it was Haldeman, because our word is that when Chapin says something, he's gotten the OK from Haldeman, and when Haldeman says something, he's gotten the OK from the President.
I don't know anything about Haldeman, except, Dwight's frightened of him-- everybody's frightened of him--Christ, I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this--all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit, swim, see some girls.
On the orders of Haldeman?
Sure--off the record.
Chapin did contact you then?
None of it was my idea, Carl--I didn't go looking for the job.
When you guys print it in the paper, then I'll know.  I'm a lawyer, and I'll probably go to jail, and be disbarred, and what did I do that was so awful?
But you know who did.
I didn't.
You wrote the Canuck letter--the one where you claimed Muskie slurred the Canadians.
Sometimes it got up to a quarter maybe--  --off the record.
During the Florida primary, you wrote a letter on Muskie stationery saying Scoop Jackson had a bastard child. You wrote another that said Hubert Humphrey was out with call girls.
Oh, maybe nickel and dime stuff.
Tell that to Muskie.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Do you feel much about the things you did?
When did he hire you?
I know where Dwight works.
By "they" you mean the White House, don't you?  Your buddy from USC, Dwight Chapin-- he works for the White House.
By "they" you mean...?
They never told me anything except my own role--I had to find out the rest in the papers.
Listen--we know you're involved in this--we're going to get the story, why not help?
I've got a lot of energy.
According to what we've been able to verify, you've been busy.
Mind if I try?
You can't.
I'm Carl Bernstein.  My paper sent me out to see if I couldn't persuade you to go on the record.
That's right.
Donald Segretti?
And?--
--he was going to go into law practice with Segretti.
We've just been talking to Young--
Speak.
--yes--
--you got more than one source?--
You're the fella who forgot he rented a Hertz car, do I have to tell you they didn't forget to send us the bill?
Down to Miami and back--how much damage can I do?
--"I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Toronto." That was your spiel then. "The Lifestyles of Deserters."  I'm still waiting for it.
--that was awhile ago--
I'm the one sent you to Toronto, Bernstein--
I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Miami.
--so?
Harry, I just talked to a Miami investigator about Barker--
--what about you?--
Absolutely--
--Bernstein, are you sure on this story?
I could care less about where it happened; what happened is what counts.  Put him on.  Ken, I'm sorry, it was Goddamn Beirut and they were having a crisis, what's up, kid?  Slow down, Ken, you sound frazzled.  A wife and a family and a cat and a dog, right, Ken.  Ken, I would never print that you were in Marilyn's apartment at night-- unless, of course, you force me to.
--if he did it or just said he did it, God knows.
--it makes the break-in real--it's a major goddamn story--  --I'm not going to kick ass over this, but I'd like you to know I hate getting beat, I just hate it-- don't forget that I hate it--
--there's nothing new in it--
--it would have been nice to have had this, I sure would have liked to have had this--
--what?--
I thought you guys were supposed to be working on this story--  --you think I like being aced out?
If they ever start calling us goddamn liars--  --it's time to start circling the wagons.
What's a real denial?
--Deep Throat?--
--and we got a guy in Justice--
--goddamnit, when's somebody gonna go on the record on this story--
--no--
Nobody's perfect.  I'm glad you're out of it, Hannah-- you're a terrific reporter and I turned you into a bookkeeper.
You're a sex junkie, you know that, Carl?
There's always a later plane.
I thought you had to get to Miami.
It's right under that pile.
Give me your checkbook then.
I think.
You're two months behind--you got enough to cover?
Five hundred; six maybe.
Lot of pressure at the Star.  Carl, when we got married, you were four thousand dollars in debt; when we split, you were solvent. That may prove to be the outstanding single achievement of my life, and now look at this.  How much did the damn bike cost?
Hey... very tense.
Carl, it's a jungle.  I suggest you either pay this immediately or lay in a large supply of candles.  You'd give a stranger the shirt off your back--except it wouldn't be paid for.
Oh, they're here.  I'm keeping much better records now, Hannah.  See? 
Where are your bills, Carl?
Hannah, I never would have bothered you but I'm off to Miami and they're gonna take away my ten speed unless I get it straightened out fast.
We're a long way from high school, Carl...  ...and I'm scared.
Hey, easy...
I don't know what they'd do to me.
If you don't like it down there, why don't you quit?
You don't believe me? Well, I was working the weekend of the break-in and my God, all the executives were running around like crazy--you had to practically wait in line to use the shredding machine--and when the FBI came to investigate, they never even asked me about it.
FBI too?
This girlfriend of mine at the Committee, the other day she went back to the D.A. to tell the things the FBI didn't ask her. That night, her boss, he knew what she'd done. They control everything; that's how they know it all.
--you don't really think you're being followed?
Anyplace really public, they'd know about it--they know everything at the Committee, Carl--
This is practically a high school reunion for us, Jane--I would have sprung for a classier place.
Think Sloan's being set up as a fall guy for John Mitchell? Sometimes it looks that way.
It was all so crazy--the day after the break-in he gave us a speech, bouncing up and down on his heels in that loony way of his--Gordon told us not to let Jim McCord ruin everything--don't let one bad apple spoil the barrel, he said. You just know that when Gordon Liddy's calling someone a bad apple, something's wrong somewhere.  ...It's all so rotten... and getting worse... and all I care about is Hugh Sloan. His wife was going to leave him if he didn't stand up and do what was right. And he quit. He quit because he saw it and didn't want any part of it.
Gordon Liddy, you mean?
--omigod, there was so much of it, six million came in one two-day period-- six million cash, we couldn't find enough places to put it. I thought it was all legal, I guess I did, til after the break-in, when I remembered Gordon got so much of it.
It's awfully hot--  --and you haven't finished telling me about the money--
Sloan knew which five, didn't he? 
There were a group of them--I think five, I don't know their names.
Who were they?
The ones who could disburse the money.
Which people?
I can't be positive that it was used for the break-in but people sure are worried.
Could buy a lot of steaks, 350,000 dollars.
A lot of it was. I just thought it was sort of an all-purpose political fund--you know, for taking fat cats to dinner, things like that.
--it was all in hundreds, wasn't it?
There are too many people watching me--they know I know a lot--
It's obvious you want to talk to someone--well, I'm someone.
...No... never in so many words...
I was just curious--you don't do it well, so I wondered. Have you been threatened, if you told the truth, is that it?
--right, right, I've got to go.  Why did you lie just then?
One minute but then--
I never worked for Sloan or Stans.
You were Hugh Sloan's bookkeeper when he worked for Maurice Stans at Finance, and we were sort of wondering, did you go work for Stans immediately after Sloan quit or was there a time lapse?
I'm relaxed--light your cigarette.
We don't tell anyone that. Which is why you can talk to us. And if we can't verify what you say someplace else, we don't print it. That's another reason you can relax.
All those articles you people write-- where do you find that stuff?
But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid. I'm really sorry for what you're being put through.
Just let me get a match.
You've really got to go.
Irwin? I really feel bad, doing something like this--you know that, don't you?
A Miami D.A. The guy doing the investigating is named Martin Dardis. 
Who by?
It was accurate, but I can't get a fuller listing for you--all Barker's phone records have been subpoenaed.
Just tell me about the goddamn article.
And that makes anything you do OK, is that it?
Something maybe big.
My big civil rights buddy--  --boy, if John Mitchell was after your phone records, would you be screaming.  What're you onto?
No games, Irwin; give.
What do you want to know?
So tell me about the Times article.
'Cause I'm not calling out from the phone company anymore--  --I think the place is bugged.
Why couldn't you have just dialed me from the office, Irwin?
--let me put it this way: I'd have no problem if you did.
--if we wrote a story that said Haldeman controlled the fund?--
I'm not your source on that.
--that leaves Haldeman, period.
--it's gotta be Haldeman--someone from the White House had to be involved--
--I'm not your source on that--
--my wife just had the baby, my in- laws are arriving, I'm trying to get the house in some kind of shape.
--this'll only take one second--
I really can't talk now--
We're moving.  I've been looking for a job but it's been... hard. My name's been in the papers too much. Sometimes I wonder if reporters understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence. I'm not thinking of myself. But my wife, my parents, it's been very rough on them.
What happens when the baby comes?
Routine--I'd just call John Mitchell over at the Justice Department and he'd say "go ahead, give out the money."
Ordinarily, though, what was the procedure?
Then Barker withdrew the 25 thousand in hundred dollar bills and gave it back to Liddy who gave it back to me and I put it in the office safe which was crammed.
Right.
Kalmbach--Nixon's personal lawyer.
I will not talk about the other two.
But they both worked at the White House?
Well, they sure didn't ask us to come forward and tell the truth.
To cover up?
We were never told flat out "Don't talk." But the message was clear.
Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors?
That's another of the things I'm not so sure of.
Do you think the truth will come out at the trial?
Try and understand this. I'm a decent Republican. I believe in Richard Nixon. I worked in the White House four years--so did my wife. What happened on June 17 I don't think the President knew anything about. Some of his men I'm not so sure of.
--they're worse. That's why I quit.
--then again, maybe things are even worse than we've written--
My non-denial denial.
What's this?
--you double-checked both sources?--
--well shit, we oughtta be tense-- we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House--  --it would be nice if we were right--
--Christ, I wish I knew if we should print this--
--I don't know, I don't know, it feels thin--
--all non-denial denials--we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate.
Same kind of crap--
And we'll all have to go to work for a living.
Then it's our asses, isn't it?
The FBI thinks it's possible--the Democrats need a campaign issue, corruption's always a good one.  Get off the story, Ben--or put some people on McGovern's finances; fair is fair, even in our business.
You saying the Democrats bugged themselves?
Look--why would the Republicans do it? --my God, McGovern is self- destructing before our eyes--just like Muskie did, Humphrey, the bunch of 'em.  Why would the burglars have put the tape around the door instead of up and down unless they wanted to get caught? Why did they take a walkie- talkie and then turn it off, unless they wanted to get caught? Why would they use McCord--the only direct contact to the Republicans?
Ben, Jesus, there are over two thousand reporters in this town, are there five on Watergate? Where did we suddenly get all this wisdom?
It will, it just hasn't bottomed out yet, give it time.
It's not that we're using unnamed sources that bothers me, or that everything we print the White House denies, or that almost no other papers are reprinting our stuff.
Go on.
I don't think either Metropolitan or National should cover the story.  I don't think we should cover the story, period.
Mitchell started the cover-up early, everyone is involved in the cover- up, all the way to the top. The whole U.S. intelligence community is mixed in with the covert activities. The extent of it is incredible.  And people's lives are in danger, maybe including ours.
Anything else from Mr. Throat?
Electronic surveillance.
We can't talk inside either?
--I'm not sure, it still feels thin-- 
--I'm sure--
--he went to her apartment and he told her--
--what do you think?--
--his dialing finger must be falling off--
I got Clawsen on hold--
OK.  You're about to write a story that says that the former Attorney General-- the man who represented law in America-- is a crook.  Just be right, huh?
--I saw him. He verifies.
He approved the payments to Liddy while he was still Attorney General--
This is a daily paper, we'll explain it tomorrow.  You're certain on Mitchell?
Is he on the level of Assistant to the President or not?
I don't know titles.
Just tell me his title.
You asking me to disclose my source?
How senior?
I was told by this guy at the White House that Hunt was investigating Teddy Kennedy.
You don't mind getting on people's nerves, do you?
I have nothing more to say.
Are you implying you don't believe me?
It was really nice of you to come, since you'd only met him once.
Barker's wife called me at three this morning; her husband apparently had told her to call if he hadn't called her by then.
A Miami social occasion?  Mr. Rafferty told me the Cubans were from Miami.
--I met one of the defendants, Mr. Barker, at a social occasion once--  --I have nothing more to say.
You're a lawyer and you're here--
They are not my clients.
Your clients were arrested with a walkie-talkie; they didn't need that to talk among themselves.
There is no reason to assume other people were involved.
Did you know to come because one of the other men involved in the break- in called you?
Well, they never would have been assigned if anyone had known the burglars had arranged for their own counsel. And that could only mean the burglars didn't arrange for their own counsel--they never even made a phone call.  So if they didn't ask for you to be here, how did you know to come?
So?
Probably you're right, but a little while ago, I was talking to a couple of lawyers who'd been assigned to represent the burglars.
I assure you, there's nothing mysterious involved.
What I don't understand is how you got here.
--you have nothing more to say, I understand that.
Look, I told you inside--
Mr. Rafferty was very helpful. Four Cuban-Americans and this other man, James McCord.
Clearly, I am here, but only as an individual, I'm not the attorney of record.  Mr. Rafferty has that position. Whatever you want, you'll have to get from him, I have nothing more to say.
Douglas Caddy, the attorney of record, when questioned about his presence in the courtroom, denied he was in the courtroom, "I'm not here," Mr. Caddy said.
OK.
--I'm not here.
Mr. Caddy? My name's Bob Woodward, I'm from the Post and I wanted to ask about how you happened to come on this case--
--I've completely forgotten where it was, except I know it wasn't her apartment.
Well, was it in a bar, her apartment, some restaurant--
Where?  What do you mean, where?
Sorry, Ken; listen, one last thing: where did your talk with Berger happen?
That's a bullshit question, that's a question straight out of Wichita, Kansas.
She's an awfully good reporter--I can't remember her getting too much wrong before, can you?
Absolutely--Marilyn's gotten it totally wrong--
You claiming it was all a misunderstanding, Ken?
That checks out with our finding, thank you, Mr. Dahlberg.
I don't know; I really don't. The last time I saw it was when I was in Washington. I gave it to the Finance department of the Committee to Re- Elect the President. How it got to that burglar, your guess is as good as mine.
I see. And how do you think it reached Miami?
That twenty-five thousand dollars is money I collected for Nixon in this year's campaign.
I'm a proper citizen, I'm a decent man, I don't do anything that isn't decent or proper.  I know I shouldn't tell you this...
Yes, sir.
...you're definitely doing a story...?
The twenty-five thousand dollar one.  The one with your name on it.  In Bernard Barker's Florida account.  Bernard Barker, the Watergate burglar--
...check...?
--this should take only a minute, Mr. Dahlberg, but we're doing a follow- up on the break-in--  --and I was kind of curious about your check.
You'll have to find that out, won't you?--
We know that--and if we were wrong, we're resigning--were we wrong?
--you've done worse than let Haldeman slip away, you've got people feeling sorry for him--I didn't think that was possible. A conspiracy like this-- the rope has to tighten slowly around everyone's neck. You build from the outer edges and you go step by step. If you shoot too high and miss, then everybody feels more secure. You've put the investigation back months.
--I know, I know, the pressure's off the White House and it's all back on the Post--
I was being cautious.  You can safely say more then fifty...
Fifty ratfuckers directed by the White House to destroy the Democrats?
Yes, yes, everything. There were over fifty people employed by the White House and CREEP to ratfuck-- some of what they did is beyond belief.
And Justice and FBI know all this?
Nationwide--my God, they were frightened of Muskie and look who got destroyed--they wanted to run against McGovern, and look who they're running against. They bugged, they followed people, false press leaks, fake letters, they canceled Democratic campaign rallies, they investigated Democratic private lives, they planted spies, stole documents, on and on-- don't tell me you think this was all the work of little Don Segretti.
How grand?
--don't you miss the grand scheme too.
--the Canuck letter--was that a White House operation--
Follow every lead--every lead goes somewhere--
There were more then.
--don't concentrate on Segretti or you'll miss the overall scheme too.
Talk about Segretti--
Total manipulation. I suppose you could say they wanted to subvert the Constitution, but they don't think along philosophical lines.
Why did they do all this for Chrissakes?--what were they after?
You get nothing from me about Haldeman?
Haldeman too?
Of course--my God, you think something this big just happens? The break-in and the cover up, of course Mitchell knew, but no more than Ehrlichman.
Mitchell knew then.
Someone with authority I'd imagine, wouldn't you?  Don't you know what you're onto? Come on.
Why didn't they?--who told them not to?
They know, but they focused on the burglary--if it didn't deal with the break-in, they didn't pursue it.
Do Justice and the FBI know what we know, and why the hell haven't they done anything about it?
I hope you noticed how coolly I behaved under the threat of discovery.
Did you change cabs?  It didn't work, something moved there--
What?
The slush fund at CREEP financed the ratfucking, we've almost got that nailed down, so--
You'll have to find that out, won't you.
Who?--be specific. How high up?
Yes, the little ratfuckers are now running our government.
I know what it means--Segretti wouldn't go on the record, but if he would, we know he'd implicate Chapin. And that would put us inside the White House.
In my day, it was simply called the double cross. I believe the CIA refers to it as Mindfuck. In our context, it simply means infiltration of the Democrats.
Ratfucking.
My turn to keep you waiting.  What's the topic for tonight?
Talk? Once, at a gathering, he put his hand over a candle. And he kept it there. He kept it right in the flame until his flesh seared. A woman who was watching asked, "What's the trick?" And he replied. "The trick is not minding."
Liddy--you think there's a chance he'll talk?
What I know, you'll have to find out on your own.
What's the whole thing about--do you know?
--melodramatic?  Things are past that--remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City.
I did everything you said, but it all seemed--
You changed cabs? You're sure no one followed you?
This man Gordon Liddy--he's going to be tried along with Hunt and the five burglars--we know he knows a lot, we just don't know what.
Go on.
To where?
Follow the money. Always follow the money.
John Mitchell resigned as head of CREEP to spend more time with his family. That doesn't exactly have the ring of truth.  Howard Hunt's been found--there was talk that his lawyer had 25 thousand in cash in a paper bag.
Because the press stinks too--history on the run, that's all you're interested in.  You come up with anything?
If you don't like them, why won't you be more concrete with me?
Then there must be something, mustn't there. Look, forget the myths the media's created about the White House-- the truth is, these are not very bright guys, and things got out of hand.
I don't know maybe sixteen, eighteen hours a day--we've got sources at Justice, the FBI, but it's still drying up.
You thought I'd help out on specifics?  I'll confirm what you get, try to keep you on the right track, but that's all.  Are you guys really working?  How much?
Nothing, that's the problem--the story's gone underground.
I saw the flag signal--what's up?
Good God!
I was just kind of wondering why your name and phone number were in the address books of two of the men arrested at Watergate?
--yes, yes, what is it?
Hi, I'm Bob Woodward of the Post and--
Howard Hunt here.
Hello, I'm Bob Woodward of the Washing Post and...  Mullen and Company Public Relations? Could you tell me when you expect Mr. Hunt?  He is?
The C.I.A.
Where?
...Central... Intelligence... Agency...
Where in government?
Government. Recently retired.
Where?
Security consultant.
And what is your occupation, Mr. McCord?
Will you step forward, sir. 
James McCord.
Your name, please.
Nobody ever had too much.
We're going to need lots of good luck, aren't we?
I really want to know.
I would, if you really ever wanted to know.
You've never told anyone who he is?  But you'd have to tell me if I asked you.  Tell me.
It is.
But it's possible.
I couldn't say.
And the underground garage one.  Would I know him?
Some Justice Department lawyers and an FBI man, and some people from the Committee to Re-Elect, yes ma'am.
Never? Please don't tell me never.  Ben says you've found some wonderful sources.
It may never come out.
When will you be, do you think?-- when are we going to know it all?
No.
Are you sure?
I think so.
You know, the paper was my father's and my husband's when they were alive and I was thinking back a year or two ago when Ben called me and said he wanted to publish the Pentagon Papers the next day. The Times had already been stopped from publishing anymore of them and all my legal counsel said "don't, don't" and I was frightened but I knew if I said no, I'd lose the whole fifth floor. So we published, and that night, after I'd told Ben to go ahead, I woke up in the darkness and I thought, "Oh my Lord, what am I doing to this newspaper?"  I woke up again last night with that same question.  Are we right on this story?
--I'm Woodward.
I'm so glad you could come, Mr.--
--well, what if your boys get it wrong--
--absolutely--and that's all they do, sit sit sit--every once in a while, they call up a Senator, some reporting--
--well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so?--
Ask him what he's really saying--he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk--
--this White House guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this Watergate compulsion with you guys and I said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are Woodward and Bernstein?
--correction--when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the Sans Souci--
--quit equivocating, say what you mean--  --our story got Government Accounting to start an audit on CREEP's finances--
--nobody gives a shit about the Dahlberg repercussions--
--you are ignoring the importance of the Dahlberg repercussions--
--well, Sloan--
--who you got?--
I think we got a White House consultant linked to the bugging.
I never asked them about Watergate. I only said what were Hunt's duties at the White House. They volunteered that he was innocent when nobody asked was he guilty.
So?
Hunt is Colson's man--  --that's Charles Colson, Nixon's special counsel--  --they both went to Brown University--  --Hunt worked for the C.I.A. till '70, and this is on deep background, the FBI thinks he's involved with the break-in.
Whaddya got, whaddya got?
Just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow."
Thanks, Harry.  Know anything about Colson?
The second most powerful man is Robert Haldeman. Just below him are a trio: Mr. Erlichman is Haldeman's friend, and they protect the President from everybody which is why they are referred to as either The German Shepherds or the Berlin Wall. Mr. Mitchell we've already discussed. Mr. Colson is the President's special counsel.
The most powerful man in America is President Nixon, probably you've heard his name.
Who's Colson, Harry?
I would liken your query to being in Russia half a century ago and asking someone, "I understand who Lenin is and Trotsky I got too, but who's this yokel Stalin?"
Who's Charles Colson?
I can't sell hints to Simons--  --you called everyone you know?  Call someone you don't know.
Lotsa hints--
What'd you get on W.House?
As a rough rule of thumb, as far as I can throw Bronco Nagurski, that's how much I trust John Mitchell...
You can't believe that.
Mr. John Mitchell, the head of CREEP, says it means nothing.  "...This man and the other people involved were not operating on either our behalf or with our consent. These is no place in our campaign or in the electoral process for this type of activity, and we will not forget it or condone it."
The head of security for the reelection of a Republican President got caught bugging the national offices of the Democrats? What the hell does that mean?
Then how come the Associated Press were the ones found out that Mr. McCord is security coordinator for the Committee to Re-elect the President, otherwise known as CREEP?
I did all right on McCord.
OK, get on this W.House guy and do a better job then you did on McCord.
Don't know; who the hell's Howard Hunt?  It's probably nothing but check it out. Just go easy, it could be crazy Cubans.
That's everything Bachinski had, I think it's worth following up.
...go on, go on...
Two o'clock, work the phones 'til you go.
Preliminary hearing at Superior Courthouse?
As usual, that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly.  Except  it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters, it was National Democratic Headquarters--  --and  these weren't just any idiots, these were special idiots, seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning, they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying--  --a walkie-talkie, forty rolls of film, cameras, lock picks, pen-sized tear gas guns, plus various bugging devices.  Not to mention over two thousand dollars, mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills.
You call me in on my day off because some idiots have broken into local Democratic Headquarters--tell me, Harry, why should I be smiling?
Where's that cheery face we've come to know and love?
One Senator just gave a speech slurring us 57 times in 20 minutes.
More denunciations?
--maybe I'm tense--
--Harry, weren't you just arguing the opposite way?--
--listen, I love this country, you think I want to bring it down?--I'm not some goddamn zany, I was a hawk--
--go over your sources again--
--listen, we didn't make them do these things--once they did, it's our job to report it--
--political, personal, sexual, anything at all against Mitchell?--
--has any of them got an ax?--
I know, I did, but damnit Howard--  For the first time since I've known him, I think he's really humping...
I don't get it--you were the one who wanted to fire him.
That was awhile ago.
--remember Toronto, Harry.
Howard--
Anyone but Bernstein.
I can predict the next words you're gonna say: "anyone but Bernstein."  I want to send a reporter to Miami.
Let me see what you get, but don't jump--The New York Times thinks it's crazy Cubans.
Could develop.
--in other words, you got nothing, you're thumbsucking.
Woodward's onto a new wrinkle with the break-in thing--absolute page one stuff--
Anything?
He just did.
--well and good, but when will he say it on the record.
--and he says Chapin hired Segretti--
Larry Young, a California lawyer--
--which Young?
I don't know, but I don't think that's unreasonable either, do you?
You think she wants us to ease up on the story?
Maybe to fire you--since you two started on this story, the Post stock has dropped, what, 50 percent?  And the word is some Nixon people are challenging her TV licenses. I'm not saying she's going on relief, but I don't think it's unreasonable for her to want to meet you.
What do you think Mrs. Graham wants to see me for?
--can we use their names?--
--no--
Absolutely.
Isn't that what you'd expect them to say?
According to White House personnel, Hunt definitely works there as a consultant for Colson. But when I called the White House Press office, they said he hadn't worked there for three months. Then the P.R. guy said the weirdest thing to me.  "I am convinced that neither Mr. Colson nor anyone else at the White House had any knowledge of, or participation in, this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee."
What else have you got?
Of course--everything they asked--
--look, when the Watergate grand jury questioned you, did you name names?
No, none of those.
--and it wasn't Ehrlichman or Colson or the President.
A girl. Melissa.
A boy or a girl?
Well, when Liddy came and asked for money for what turned out to be the break-in funds, I went to the safe and gave him--out of this whole fortune--I happened to give him the same hundreds he gave me--banks have to keep track of hundreds. If the money had been in fifties, or if I'd grabbed a different stack, there probably wouldn't have been any Watergate story.
Go on.
Badly.  You don't realize how close all this came to staying undiscovered--I gave Liddy the Dahlberg check and he gave it to Barker who took it to Miami and deposited it.
One thing I'm not completely clear on--when you gave out the money to Liddy, how did that work?
I can't say anything, I'm sorry. 
I won't talk about the other two.
Haldeman.  Right?
Colson's too smart to get directly involved with something like that.
We're not sure we've got all the guys who could order you, but we know there were five. 
When so ordered.
And as treasurer, you could release those funds?
No. It was closer to seven hundred thousand.
The report on the cash in Maurice Stans' safe, the three hundred fifty thousand, that's true?
As opposed to the Committee? The Committee's not an independent operation. Everything is cleared with the White House. I don't think that the FBI or the prosecutors understand that.
Does "they" mean the White House?
You handed out the money. Maybe there's a legitimate explanation for the way it was done--
I'd like to talk to you, I really would, but my lawyers say I shouldn't until after the Watergate trial.
My wife told me to expect you.  As you know, I haven't talked to the press.
Mr. Sloan?
I'm not Miss Abbott.
You work there, Miss Abbott.
The what to what?
No, I'm a reporter. I wanted to talk to you about the Committee to Re- Elect.
--I already get the Post. I don't need another subscription.
Hi. I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home--
Okay then.  The rest of you okay with that?
I'll do it.
Well then keep it coming.  Alright, people, good work!  Keep it up and we'll do great at the state competition.
Oh, well...  It came from the heart.
No, it was good.
Sorry.
What the hell was that?
What the fuck is this?  You got someplace more important to be?
Sorry, coach.
Christ!  I didn't say you were out of the game!
-- Thanks, coach --
You're a killer, Ozzy!
Thanks coach.
Good work, Ostreicher.
I'm not good in math.
You have to pay attention to a girl. Be sensitive to her feelings. Relationships are reciprocal.
...okay...
Alright, well...you've got to tone it down.  You don't need to go to Lookout Point and spout cheeseball lines to be romantic.
Like what?
Look, Chris.  There are just some things you need to learn, that's all.
You need some work, buddy!
Uh...you know, my friends call me Nova -- as in Casanova.
Suck me...beautiful?
What did you just say?
There's something about the spring that's just cool.  Like the smell of fresh rain or something.
Sure.
Great evening, isn't it?
When was the last time you looked at the facilities here?
Finch, don't you think it's about time you learned to take a dump at school?
Mochaccino.  Actually, in the spirit of the pact, I do need to ask for your cooperation in one small matter.
You're just gonna sit there and drink your coffee?
I thought a fashionably late entrance would enhance my appearance.  When I got here, the Bacchanalia was over and the nymphs had left.
Finch!  Where were you last night? What happened to the foolproof plan?
Good morning gentleman.
This is no imitation.  Removing the hot dog from the Ultradog yields a better dog.  Behold -- Ultradog, no dog.
Finch, you can be the one to date a nearly-dead insane chick.  Eat your damn imitation hot dog.
Perhaps you should consider actually answering an ad.
Neither did I!
I had no idea you'd be this good!
Yes ma'am, I am.
Mister Finch -- are you trying to seduce me?
So...would you object if I said you're quite striking?
Aged eighteen years.  Why don't you get the glasses.  Behind the bar.
Single malt?
All right, I got some scotch.
No, no, that's what the cretins drink. I mean alcohol, liquor -- good stuff.
I believe the kegs are upstairs.
...Nevermind.  You have anything to drink?
Pardon me?
Oh no, no date.  Bathroom incident.
I'm so happy for you.  Takes the edge off, doesn't it?  And where might your date be?
I'm three sheets to the wind, ma'am!
As if there were any alternative in the matter.  Are you enjoying yourself?
Ah, Stifler's mom!  Thank you for letting us have a great party.
So Oz, you almost made it, huh?
I'll tell you, I've learned one thing: women, like wine, get better with age.  Of course, I have no frame of reference for this comparison.
Nah.  Fuck, you guys are right, I don't know what I'm doing.  I mean I'm acting like I've got it all together tonight.  But I know Vicky is gonna ask me if I love her.  And I don't know what I'm gonna say.  So now it's like, maybe I'll just wimp out on the whole thing.
Me too.  For the most part.
First of all, it's <u>Mocha</u>ccino, and secondly...Oohhhh!
Finch, listen -- Stifler slipped some sort of laxative in your Mocash-chino or whatever.  It's fast acting.  I mean <u>really</u> fast.
Charming.
You're gonna shit your pants!
Why is this?
Just go!
Easy, tiger.  What's in there?
Finch!  Get to the bathroom!  Now!
No idea.
What do you suppose they're saying?
Seduce her.
You know, Jim...you could go back there...and...
You'll see.  Gotta go.  Sixteen minute round trip.
What are we gonna hear?
Whatever you hear about me, you agree.
Of course, Finch.  What?
Uh-huh.
This.  Right now.
Yep.
This is your plan, Finch?
Then don't.
I can't think of anything to say that's not cheesy.
I know, it sucks!
Hmm.  You know that's  really a shitty middle name!
Well, that's what your friends call you.  I mean...I feel like I'm one of your friends now...and also...your girlfriend.
You called me Oz.
Oz, it's okay, I know.
No, see Heather, what I realized is that...with you, it's not like I'm running towards the goal, trying to figure out the best way to score.  And this may sound corny, but --
This isn't any better, Chris.
No, that's not what I mean.  I mean -- look.  You know what made me leave that game?  Coach was giving this speech, about not slacking off when you see the opportunity to score.
This isn't the best way to proposition me.
It's gonna sound really bad, but I want you to know.
What's that?
There's something I've been meaning to tell you, Heather.
No.  I'm missing the game for you.
You're missing the game for us?!
I'm not playing.
What about the game?!
Alright...yeah...thanks for understanding.  So I guess...I'll see you later.
...it's okay, you should do whatever makes you happy.
I'm sorry, I totally spaced.  I just...I didn't realize it...
You can't sing at the competition.
...I've got this lacrosse game.  It's really important, it's our last game. And you know, Central almost beat us last time, so I really want to kick their ass, and it's like cool because we're gonna get to play at State, which means that after the game I might be able to stop by...
...yeah.
You -- oh, you mean -- yeah, East Lansing and Ann Arbor.
So we're gonna be close next year?
Sure.
I know.  Salt and pepper?
Yeah.  You know, people are always like, "What're you gonna major in?" And I don't know.  And they're like, "You'll figure it out."  Yeah?  When?
Well, you're not.  Oil and vinegar?
Oh thank God, I thought I was the only one.
Well, I mean, business is okay, and lacrosse is awesome, but what am I gonna be, a pro lacrosse player?  I really have no idea.
Yeah.  So wow, you've got it figured out.
Well, State's got a good business school.  And I can probably walk onto the lacrosse team.  Green peppers?
Oh, yeah.  So what're you gonna major in?
You want onions?
What?
Onions?
Yeah, well my parents wanted me to go to Northwestern.  I didn't want to write all those extra essays they make you do -- I mean, how am I supposed to know what my "most emotionally significant moment" was?  So when my U of M acceptance came in December, I said the hell with it.
So you're going to Michigan?
That's nice.
My dad's always here running the store, busy and stuff...and I fill in once a week so he can get a night off.
Ah, he's always too heavy on the vinegar.  If you really want a good one, you gotta let me make it.
Really?  Cool.  Tell him his subs are great.
Uh...my dad's the manager.
...okay.  Cool then.  I'm um, I'm glad you came by.  I mean, really.
Well...I needed to find you.  We are gonna have to practice that song.
You talked to Stifler?
Stifler told me.
How did you know I was here?
Hi...
Yeah?  Well you can't fake your way through this.  You better practice.
Because I want to.
Why are you doing this?
Give me a break, you're so full of it.
I wasn't making fun of you.
I saw you making fun of me with your lacrosse buddies.
What?  No I'm not.
Oh, please.  I asked you because I thought you might actually be worth going with.  But you are just a jock. No wait.  You're a jerk.
What?!
No, I like the car.  By the way, though, about prom?  That was like a bad idea.  Sorry I invited you.
You don't like it?
I'm glad you think so.
Nice car.
Yeah, me too, okay, cool.
Alright, cool.  I gotta hit the showers, but...I think this'll be really good.
Okay.  So I had this...thought, and...this may seem like it's out of left field, and I don't know if you can, but since I'm not going with anyone --
Neither will I.
Come on!  I won't tell.
Forget it.
What's your middle name?
You can call me Ostreicher.
Do I have to?
You can call me Oz.
Um...Chris --
Just enjoying my exhilarating first lacrosse experience.  You like, "kicked butt."
Hey, what're you doing here?
Oh...well that's okay.  Cool.
I just -- realized that I didn't know anything about you.  I was interested.
Well the same things you do.  Hang out with friends and stuff, you know, whatever.  What do you think I do?
Yeah...so like, what else <u>do</u> you do?
You?  You think I don't get that? God, it's like just because I don't get drunk and barf every weekend, people say "Oh, here's this goody-two- shoes choir-girl priss."
I mean it really bothers me when people try to pigeonhole me like that.
Of course, I didn't --
Oh sure.  I know what people think. It's like, Oz, he's just this kickass lacrosse player -- I also play football, by the way -- But that's like...not <u>all</u> that I am.
Okay.  I mean, I agree, but...aren't you supposed to be out, like, trying to decapitate someone with your lacrosse stick or something?
Yeah.  Right, uh-huh.  I feel like I've discovered this whole new side of me.  Music is so expressive.
Yeah...so...you've got this sort of... Bobby McFerrin thing going there.
Really?  Hey, thanks -- Heather, right?
Not bad, Chris.
Sure.
Jessica, can you drive me home?
Are you kidding?  You've never double- clicked your mouse?
...I've never tried it.
Well that's a no.  No wonder you're not psyched about sex.  You've never even had one manually?
I think I've had one.
Of course he does.  What about you? Have you just never had one with Kevin -- or have you never had one, period?
He likes it.
Please.
Vicky, it's not a space shuttle launch, it's sex.  So did you do the physics write-up?
Jessica!  He'll drive there for me, and I'll drive to Ann Arbor for him. We're going to have sex when he's ready and I'm ready.  It's got to be completely perfect.  I want the right place, the right time, the right moment.
What the hell are you expecting him to drive to Vanderbilt for?  Milk and cookies?
That's not why we're going out.
Yeah but, no offense, you're talking about a post-high school, long- distance relationship, and you and Kevin haven't even done it yet.
What?  We both have cars.
Yeah right.
Vanderbilt's not that far from U of M.
Duh.  Of course.  Naturally, I embellished a little bit.  Hey, did you hear that Finch had sex with an older woman?
I don't get it, that really works?
Well...I guess it's okay for me to tell you now.  That reputation of his isn't going anywhere.  Finch comes to me and says, "Jessica, I need help with this, blah blah, etcetera."  So I told him, pay me two- hundred bucks, and I'll tell a couple girls that you're dynamite in bed.  So he did, and I did.
Then what the hell are you talking about?
Are you kidding?  No.
Did you guys hook up or something?
Thanks.  It was my idea.
No comment?!  Are you kidding me?! I've never seen someone's image change so...so drastically!
No comment.
Well it's up to you.  The Big L, or the Big O.
I don't want to dupe her, Jessica.  If I say it, I have to be sure I mean it.
Well, if you want to get her in the sack, tell her you love her.  That's how I was duped.
I -- I don't know, you can't ask me that.
Do you love her?
Of course.
Do you?
Well of course I'd want to give her that.  I mean, what do you think, I don't care about her?
No.
But that one time --
No you haven't.
Well...I'm pretty sure I've --
You got it, stud.
You mean...and orgasm?
I'll give you a hint.  "Ohhh, yeah, yeah!"  Comprende?
What?
Ah, you'll get her back soon enough. That's easy, she likes you.  What you need to do is learn to press a girl's buttons.  You gotta give her what she's never had.
Uh...
Fuck me!  Yes!
Yeah, that's right.
You're so big!
I do, baby, I do.
Don't you love my sexy body?!
Oh yeah, baby, I'll give it to you.
Give it to me!  Yes!
Yeah, I'm the best, baby.
Oooh, yeah.  Oh, baby, you're so good.
Yeah.
No, no that's fine.  So you doing okay?
I'm not going.
Kevin, come on, the bus to Stifler's is gonna be here soon.
No, but come on guys, we made a pact!
Back out?  You don't need <u>us</u> to get laid.  You afraid or something?
Oz, how about you and Heather?  Now you guys are a couple or something?
My date's a flute-toting band dork. That answer your question?
Alright, how do you guys stand?  Well, Finch, I know where you are, but you can't use that as an excuse.  Jim?
You fuckin' rule!
Yeeeeeeeaaaawwwwww!
Jesus, Kevin, rub it in.
Yeah?  Well come prom night, those excuses aren't going to do you much good.
She's already on a plane back home.
How do you know that?
Shut up.  You're supposed to be supportive.
Hey, minuteman.
Holy shit!
Holy shit.
He's going in!
Please, God.  Let this be it.
Come on, Jim.  Where are you?
Oh boy oh God oh crap oh no.
Oh...oh...oh, shit!
No, you're stupid.  Get going!  Right now!  She's primed!
That's stupid.
Anything!  Just tell her it looks like she needs an extra hand or something.
But, but -- what would I do?
Just in time.
Did I miss anything?!
I'll save you a seat.
Well...dammit, if I'm doing this, how the hell am I gonna watch?
You can send me the address too.
I don't get it.  How does a guy like that get this sudden reputation?
Went home to shit.
Hey, where's Finch?
Yeah, enormous.
No -- it's true.  He is...really... big.
I have no idea.  Finch showers in a bathing suit.
Exactly three weeks to the day.
Right.  That gives us...
Yeah, it's like tradition or something.
Their tiger-style kung-fu is strong; but our dragon style will defeat it!
Separately, we are flawed and vulnerable.  But together, we are the masters of our sexual destiny!
Pontificated.
That's what we are, we keep each other on track.  Prior to this day, we've postured.  We've procrastinated. We've pretended.  We've -- well I can't think of other p-words, but we've probably done them too.
No, a <u>pact</u>.  No money involved.  This is more important than any bet.  Now here's the deal: We all get laid before we graduate.
Like a bet?
Sorry, I thought you were dead.
Ow, what the hell?
But --
Gotta go.
You know, I've never got that shit. What exactly constitutes third base?
What about you?  You're the one with the girlfriend and you're still stranded on third base.
So, does my hair look better --  like this, or...  like this?
At least now I know what the hell they're saying.
It's all good.  Breath check.
You can crash at Stifler's?
Alright...I'm shooting for a nine o'clock ETA.  Beer in hand by five after.
No, "Charming" is old.  "Older" is <u>really</u> old.  "Youthful mind" is dead.
Unlisted age, plus "youthful mind," equals old.
Finch, you got the Latin homework?
There's our man.
I couldn't tell -- She could've meant like, "I love you grandma" or "I love you Vanderbilt."
You think she was serious?
Nothing, I just hugged her back.
And you said...
Okay, okay.  I'll let you hit those books.
Dad!!
Oh, no, not too much of a bookworm. He's a good little kid.  Er, guy. Man.
Dad.
I know.  Hey Nadia.
Son.  This lady's here for you.
That's great.  Now remember, it's <u>okay</u> to play with yourself.  Or, as I always called it --  "Stroke the salami!"  Ho-ho, Jim.  There's nothing to be ashamed of.  Hell, I'm fifty-two, and I still enjoy masturbating.  Uncle Mort masturbates.  We <u>all</u> masturbate.
Yes.
Sure you know, son, but I think you've been having a little problem with it. It's okay, though.  What you're doing is perfectly normal.  It's like practice.  Like when you play tennis against a wall.  Some day, there'll be a partner returning the ball.  You do want a partner, don't you son?
Dad, please stop.  Please.  I'm sure I know what you're talking about.
It's not what it looks like!
Jim?
Okay, well that about covers it.
Thank you, dad, I got it.
Sometimes it can be pretty hard to locate.
Yes dad.
Do you know about the clitoris?
Dad!  I know!
Oh, okay.  Here's let me show you.
I know, Dad.
These are for you.  From father to son.
Okay.
Dad, come in.
You're not...busy?
Yeah, sure.
Can I come in?
Nothing!
What the heck is this?
Okay!
Oh yeah!  Put it in your mouth!
Don't you want me to?
Are you gonna do what I think you're gonna do?
Come on.  I saw you on the net.  Why do you think I accepted this date? You're a sure thing!
Why, uh, what makes you think that I --
Now, I have two rubbers.  Wear them both, it'll desensitize you.  I don't want you coming so damn early.
This'll do.
What, you think I don't know how to get myself off?  Hell, that's what half of band camp is!  Sex ed!
...excuse me?!
Oh!  And then this one time?  At band camp?  I stuck a flute in my pussy.
Okay, I get it.
Yes!  And he was such a dork!  And everyone laughed at me, but I didn't care?  Because it was so funny!
So, the end of the story is...you had to kiss the guy for twenty seconds?
Well, this one time?  At band camp? We were playing this game, I don't know if you know it?  But it's called spin the bottle?  And I had to kiss this guy named Marc Wander on the lips?  And...
Yeah, bring it on!
You wanna hear a nasty story of mine? It's kind of sexual.
I told you.
That is a <u>nasty</u> story!
Okay.  You want a story?  Here's a story.  Stifler finds this beer, right?  And...
Are they gross or something, like guy stuff?  Tell me.
Oh, I've got stories, believe me. They're a little more risque than tales of Band Camp.
It reminds me of this one time --  Hey, can I ask you a question?  How come you don't have any stories?  I've got lots of stories, and you don't have any.
Stifler's mom got it in the divorce.
Highly, highly overrated.
You know, at band camp?  We have dances like this.  Only they're way funner.  Don't you think prom is just highly overrated?
Cool!  We're gonna have so much fun! It's like this one time, at band camp...
Whatever you want.
Are we going to Steve Stifler's party afterwards?  That would be so cool.
Yes.  Seriously.
Really?  You seriously want to go with me?
Okay.  Michelle, do you want to be my date for the prom?
Michelle.
What was your name again?
I thought so.  Because, one time?  I was at this --
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Is it because we have a test tomorrow? Sometimes I get cranky when I know I have a big test to study for.
Hold on.  You have no idea why I'm angry?
After high school.
After getting laid?
It's true.  I mean, after this, everything'll be different.
I know.
Hang in there, buddy, you'll get there.
I'll just say that we had a great night together.
Come on, Kevin.  Vicky's looking for you.
There it is.  I want to grab my bag. Oh, and my date.
So do I, Kev.
I still think you're okay.
No.  Her sponsors here saw the thing on the net.  I don't think they liked it.
You've still got a chance with Nadia, right?
Oh -- no way.  I can't do that to her.
You can do that?
Yeah, I think you sounded pretty good.
Hey guys, you came to watch me in action?
Oh that's really reassuring.  And don't call me Nova anymore.  I'm a fraud.
Hey, you did better than I did, Nova.
Apple pie...  McDonald's or homemade?
Feels like warm apple pie, dude.
So let's say you get there...what's uh, third base feel like?
Shortstop.  'Course, you don't make it to third, and you're out.
Nadia does, that Czechoslovakian chick, she might be there tonight. Now, do you think she'd prefer --  Cool Hip Jim...  or Laid Back Jim?
Who cares?
Bli-hinded by the light -- cut loose like a deuce, another runner in the night, blinded...
This was remade?  Into what?
"Fun loving" -- insane.
Ooh, here's an easy one:  "Attractive SWF, fun loving and a youthful mind seeks outgoing companion." Okay..."Attractive"...ugly.
No -- Kevin, you?
You guys got the Latin homework?
C-Span?
Is there anything you don't jerk off to?
A <u>hot</u> cartoon.
She's a <u>cartoon</u>, dude.
Yeah, Oz, but not when she's on land.
She's a mermaid, dude.
Yeah -- hey, did you see The Little Mermaid on TV the other night?  That Ariel, whew.
Illegal channels?  Shit, if there's any channel that should be illegal, it's whatever that women's channel is. Lifetime Supply of Pantyhose, or some shit.
Fellas, say goodbye to Chuck Sherman, the boy.  I am now a man.
You did it.
Did you see that Central chick? Brunette?
You've got something going?
Indeed.  Some fine ladies here, boys. Confidence is high, repeat, confidence is high. Sherman is moving to DefCon Two, full strategic arsenal ready for deployment.
Hey Sherman.  Scopin' the babes.
What's up, fellas?
No!  I've got...reserve reserves!
I am sorry, Jim.  I suppose we will not be doing any studying now.
No, not again.
Oh yes.  Very arousing women.  They arouse me very much.  But not as arousing as you.
Yes...James, it is knowing that these beautiful women arouse you that arouses me...
Did you see this?  This is your more exotic dirty magazine.
No, no, I'm not done!  I've got reserves!  Nadia, please please please.  I'm begging you.
You are done, James.  Perhaps I should be going now.
Oh no.
Jim...
Can't what?  Do you not want to be with me?  I wish to be entertained, James.
Nadia, I can't --
No, no, you must put your whole body into it.
Um...okay...
Move with the music.
Uh...
For me?
You mean like, <u>strip</u> strip?
Yes, slowly.
Strip?
Well.  You have seen me.  Now it is my turn to see you.  Strip.
Uh...yeah...sorry.
Shame on you!
Well...uh...
James!  You have come in here on purpose?!
Do you mind?  This fabric is so uncomfortable.
So you need to change, right?
I suppose that would be okay.
Well, I do have ballet practice. Perhaps I can come by your house afterwards.  I can change clothes at your place?
Okay...that would be cool sometime.  How 'bout tomorrow?
Perhaps you can help me with my studies?
Yes.  No.  Yes.
Me?
You are very good in the world history class, yes?
Okay.
No...you...go...ahead.
I thought so.
Yes.
Me?  Nothing.  I'm the one whose ass he kicked.  I'll tell you one thing, though.  I don't think he's gonna have a problem shitting in school anymore.
Oh no, Stifler, what did you do?
Kevin!  You seen Shitbreak lately?
This just got a hell of a lot better.
Ho-lee shit.
Check-out time!  Please vacate the room.
God dammit, Stifler!
SUCK ME, BEAUTIFUL!
Meyers, what's the deal with you and Vicky, anyway?  You've been going out since Homecoming and all she'll do is blow you?  Shit, I'd drop her like a steaming turd.
Stifler, you're such an asshole.
Your little pact.  Jessica told me all about it.  Way to go, Kev!
What?
I know.  Let's go.  Don't you have something to tell your friends?
Vicky...last night...I wasn't lying.
No, Kevin --  That's the whole thing, that's what I've been realizing.  That nothing's perfect, that you can't plan everything.
Don't say that, we can do it somehow. It might not be perfect, but --
Kevin, next year...with you in Ann Arbor, and me in Nashville...it's not gonna work, is it.
It did.
Yeah, the time went by so fast.
I can't believe we just had our senior prom.
Yeah.
That was a great night.
I love you.
Victoria...I love you.
Okay.
I want to hear you say it.
Yeah Vick?
Okay.
Like, normal style.  The...missionary position.
I don't know.  How do you?
So, do you want to be -- I mean, how do you want to do it?
Yeah, right here.
Okay.  Did you bring a condom?
Me too.
Yeah.
Yeah.  Are you sure?
You sure you're comfortable?
Yeah.
Yeah, are you?
You comfortable?
Wow, Kev...it's perfect.
See -- this is the nicest room.
No...I know the perfect time...
Now?!
Kevin...  I want to have sex with you.
Yeah, we have something great, Vick.
And I want to make things perfect for you.  You're right, Kev, we do have something good...and special.
So have I.  And I know you want to make things perfect for me.  And I understand that you really wouldn't tell me that until you were 100% comfortable with it.
About the other day...I've been thinking.
It's like a six or seven hour drive. That's easy, I don't mind driving.
Did you know that it's...450 miles from Ann Arbor to Nashville?
Hey...
Okay.
I know, Vick.  I'm just not ready yet, okay?
Kevin...you're not your dad.  The two of us, we're not your parents.
I didn't say that.  I mean, love, it's like a term that gets thrown around. People say things, they get married, have kids, and then what?  It's like they call it off, going "I was wrong."
But you don't love me.
No, I don't not love you.  I like, I know that we've definitely got <u>something</u> between us.  Something good. Something special.
Kevin?  Do you not love me?
Yes --
You want to do it?
I think you're so right, Kevin.
Well, I feel that...things are getting to that point in a relationship. When two people share...a special moment between them.
Like how?
Indeed I did.  But, our relationship. It's progressed a lot.  It's time for us to...express ourselves in new ways.
Yeah, we have.  You corrupted my four- point into a three-nine-five.
We've come a long way since Homecoming.
It's everyone's trick, Kevin.  But I did pick it up from you.
That's my trick!
No, I'm not.  I'm writing a sequence of random numbers that look like I'm doing the extra credit problems.  Mr. Bender doesn't bother to check homework past April.
You're not doing the extra credit problems.
Just a second!
Oh Kevin -- don't stop!
Shhhh.  Your parents are downstairs.
Oh...ungghhhhh!
How?
And I want to try to make it up to you.
Yes!  I'm a shithead!  I'm a complete and total shithead!
I think "shithead" really says it.
I was being selfish.  And majorly insensitive.  And I'm a total idiot.
Not for you.
Vicky, wait.
Okay, don't stop.
Let me know.
Yeah, it's such a perfect evening. Isn't this how you've always pictured it?
Tonight?
Vicky -- do you think, maybe...it's time for us to take the next step in our relationship?
Oh, Kev.
You got in.
Kevin, this is serious!
"Dear Ms. Hughes.  We're sorry, but after keeping you on the wait list for the past couple months, we've decided you are now rejected.  Enclosed is a 100-page, full-color brochure on how rejected you are."
You think so?
It's a big, thick envelope, Vicky. You got in.
What's that?
Hey.  I got another question for you.
You've just inherited The Bible.
Qualify for what?
That's good, that's what I needed to hear.  Now you qualify.
Well, no.  I think...I guess it would be good to be able to return the favor.  I mean, it would be nice to know she enjoys things as much as I do.
Uh -- forget that.  Look, is that all you're interested in?  Ways to get your girlfriend into bed?
What?!  How do I do that?
Try the spicy tuna hand roll.
Uh...I thought you might know a trick or something.  To make her, you know...
Say that again, Kevin?
Whoop, you're fading out.  Good luck at that party.
Ready for what?
You know what, nevermind.  You're not ready.
Does it tell me how to get laid?
Well, that's not really the name, but we always called it that.
What?  Not <u>the</u> Bible?
Have you ever heard of the bible?
Yeah, well anyway...I thought you might have some advice, brother to brother.  I mean, I think tonight she might, we might really, there's a chance that -- you know.
Just dial 976-Asshole.
What was I gonna do, call dad?  I don't even know his number.
You called me to ask me how to get laid?
Fuck yeah we will.
Yeah, but we'll still see each other.
I think we're falling in love.
Wow.  You two really have something going, don't you?
Yeah.  So you want double condiments on that?
I guess we'll call you two-ply.
He didn't?
And by the way, Sherman didn't even get laid.
I don't care.
...Guess what?
<u>It was a pact</u>.  You break it and there are no excuses.  You guys have to --
Kevin, it was just a --
Attitude?  Me?  I think that <u>you</u> guys should be more enthusiastic.  Shit, we've been trying to get laid forever, and tonight's the night we've been waiting for.  We're in this together. Don't back out on me now!
Dammit, Kevin, what's with the attitude?
I can't, I have no idea how he's doing it.  And that leaves you trailing, Jim.  You gotta get your act together.
Okay, explain.
Observe.
What reputation?
Nah, you get kind of dizzy though.
So does your tongue cramp up?
I know, but think about it -- At the parties that night.  Chicks are gonna want to do it.
Dude, prom sucks.
So, I'm thinking prom is basically our last big chance.
Guys, guys -- you're ruining my fucking moment here.  Now think about it --
The Sha-lin masters from east and west must unite!
This is different.  This is better. Think of when you're working out, Oz. You need a partner, someone to spot you.  Someone to keep you motivated.
Dude, it's not like I haven't been trying to get laid.
No shit, I'm never gonna get laid. How the hell am I gonna become this Mr. Sensitive Man?
I put in months of quality time with Vicky.  Sherman meets a chick for one night and scores?  This is just wrong.
That's the spirit.
I'm such a loser.
Feeling better, Oz?
Then where does a blowjob figure in?
Contact, dude.
It's early Springsteen, dude, this is classic.  This was before the cheesy remake.
How the hell do you know all these random songs?
And little hurly-burly came by in her curly-wurly, and asked me if I needed I ri-hide --
You got something up your sleeve for tonight, Finch?
Dude, I wish you wouldn't do that.
Once, in church, dude.
You ever hear of something called The Bible?
Oh shit dude, the L-word!
Then she said -- she loves me.
No shit.
Our last game is this Saturday.
No thanks, you've been singing that shit all week.  If you try that at MSU this Saturday, I'm pretending I don't know you.
Come on, you know the words, sing along.
Oh my fucking God.  You're gay.
I'll bet you do, you little horndog, she's givin' you fuckin' stiffies, right?
Hey, you know, what can I say, I dig those cute little sweaters she wears.
Stifler, fuck --  ...man, you don't have to be so insensitive.
Well, just don't expect Oz to pay for the limo.
<u>Yeah</u>!
Dude, watch me work.  They go for sensitive studs like me.
You dipshit, you're expecting to score with some goody-goody choir-girl priss?
This place is an untapped resource. Check it out, dude, these vocal jazz girls are <u>hot</u>.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Keep it down, dude.
I think you need your balls reattached.
Shut the fuck up.
You actually said that?!  Haaaah!!
Dude, he does not.
Hah!  Yeah, Oz, I bet it's more like your dad works at <u>her</u> store.
She works part-time at my dad's store.
Bullshit.  From where?
Dude, it's gotta happen -- she's a college chick!
Yeah right.  I got an idea for something new.  How 'bout you guys actually locate your dicks, remove the shrink wrap, and fuckin' use 'em.
Nah, gave her the Heisman.  I'm working on something new.
That junior chick?
Depends if my date wants to stop by.
You coming to party tonight, Ostreicher, ya fuckface?
Stifler!!
NOVA!!
No way.
You know.  If we hook up, tomorrow I'll just be some girl you go telling all your friends about.
Doing what?
I don't know if I want to be doing this.
Uh huh.
Really?
Thanks.
Here, babe.
Yep.
God, I can't believe there are so many cool people at this party.
But you better hurry.
Either way works for us...
Oh sure, it was all mean old Marcel's idea. Give me a break! We didn't tell you because it's a wild goose chase! Not to mention disgusting. Look...
I mean, if by some miracle you can find the werewolf that bit you, and then manage to eat it's heart, the curse is lifted. I was gonna tell you but Marcel wouldn't let me.
You try to be a good sport, and look what happens.
Merde! I can't believe this!
Sure. We wouldn't ask you to do anything we wouldn't do. Now give me your hand... that's it...
Tell you what, we'll jump together.
Would you shut up?
Also like sex with my wife.
The key is don't look down.
Just like sex with my wife.
Look, the more you think about it, the harder it is.
Are you crazy!? You know that's totally impractical. Besides, like the Bible says...  An eye for an eye...
Geez, I feel bad for him. Maybe we should've told him abou -
Uhh! Would you die already!
Merde! Just missed!
Exactly.
Let's face it. It's a, how do you say... mother-fucker. But we're all in it together. That's why we're trying to help you.
Oh give me a break! He could use pills back in America! Why not get a little culture?
I'd use pills. They're painless.
Hanging is nice. Never goes out of style. What about hare-kare - a taste of the Orient? But no! You're in Paris! Try the Guillotine! There's one in the Louvre!
Oh, big man. You can beat up a couple of cadavers. Well let me make something real clear, asshole. If you don't kill yourself, at midnight tonight you're gonna transform and murder innocent people!
Ha-ha!
What, all of a sudden you got a degree in supernatural law?
Hey, you can't kick me! You're an apparition!
Rip my face off? Hey, we all make mistakes. Hell, I didn't mean to sleep with you on the first night, especially without a condom. But I did, and now I'm paying the price.
Look, I didn't mean to hurt anybody... God, I didn't mean to... to...
Uh huh... And, supposing I believed that, what could I do about it?
A-duh... You're a werewolf. And we, as your victims, have to walk the earth until your curse is lifted.
Okay... dead or undead... what do you want from me?
No it isn't! You're dead!
Face it boyfriend. This is really happening.
Aaaaa! Jesus! This isn't happening. I'm still hallucinating. Shit!
Thanks for the lovely evening, shithead!
AHHHHHHH!
Ahh! Jesus! You're burning hot! What the hell -
I don't know... Surprise me.
Ah. The mating call of the blonde. The night is young, the moon is bright, whataya feel like doing tonight?
Ha ha! Yeah right, white boy! Ha Ha ha.  I think maybe I drank too much.
Up to there? Really? I bet I could beat that.
Who gives a shit? I've had it up to here with arrogant Frenchmen.
Hope I didn't hurt him too bad.
Ha ha. You were probably right about his mom.
Yeah. Apparently.
Wow. You know Kung Fu or something?
It's all in the tongue. Another bottle?
God. How can you eat like that?
What a coincidence, I am someone!  Mmm. Calvin Klein's Obsession. Now it's mine too.
Actually, I'm waiting for someone.
Andy...
Oh God. Shit...
You too.
Okay. Be careful.
Let's go from both ends. We'll cut him off.
These tunnels must loop around and connect.
Right.
Well, they are French.
Pretty stylish digs for a bunch of paupers.
After the revolution, the Paris cemeteries overflowed. They dug up all the old bodies and brought them here. Seven million people. Mostly very poor.
Whoa...
"Stop! Beyond this passage lie the catacombs of Paris: the exclusive domain of the dead."
What does it say?
It's making me hungry.
What?
God. I can't believe it.
Really.
No wonder he let her go.
All your weapons, on the floor! Now!
Didn't even have to ask.
Somewhere where there are no police, and plenty to eat.
Where?
I know where he'll go.
No. We have to try. We'll figure something out. And if midnight comes before we can get to him, well, then we go together. Deal?  Shake a paw?
We can't stop him. Not now. Handcuffed, with no kind of weapons. Please Andy...
I couldn't do it. Not to you.
We don't both have to die.
You know what. Kill me. Cut out my fucking heart. Go on! Do it!
What...?
Here! Come on! Do it! Go ahead.
Shut up! You fucking shut up! What do you want? Huh? What the hell do you want?
What was I? Your idea of a fuckin' hors d'oeuvre? Huh?
You made me go there. I tried to stop you! You wouldn't listen!
That's the scar where I stabbed you! Oh God... You deliberately took me down there so you could... God, I can't believe it!
No I.... Andy, you can't be sure.
It was you... That night in the tunnels. You. You did this to me.
Andy?... What? What is it?  Andy... are you okay?
Fuck me...
Holy mother of God...
Yeah. French fries...
I hope they fucking fry us all.
I... I didn't think you would... I'm sorry... I believed that son-of-a- bitch...
What the fuck!? You too!?
Before Hemingway, there was Starsky and Hutch.
Are you crazy!?
Guess that's why he hid it there. Let's go.
I didn't know he had a wine cellar.
I saw him. Just before those bastards zapped him back. The ADM is in the wine cellar, in a bottle of Chateau Margaux.
Shit. What have I done?  Stall them! I'll meet you out back.
They're coming!
I suppose you're right. But I still don't like it.
Listen, either he wastes away as a pathetic vegetable or he can give what's left of his life to save hundreds of potential victims. He's a McDermott. I know what his choice would be.
I don't know...
I told you. He already tried to contact me once. If you saw his face... He was desperate to tell me something. I owe him this.
What makes you so sure this will work?
I had to be a damn Hemingway hero. Well I'll tell ya, the old man and the sea didn't go through half this shit.
Andy... I should never have let you go underground. I'm sorry...
A cure?
Because, Andy. It's a cure.
Andy! No!
You two faced bastard. I knew you were full of shit.
What?! He told you? When?
I know. He told me.
I'm not alright. We both know that. The only reason I'm here now is to warn you. You're still in danger. Gaston told me that Claude has got the curse too. He's a werewolf.
Listen, I'm coming over. Don't go anywhere. Stay right there.
I don't... I... I can't remember...
Where did you go last night? What did you do?
No, I don't think so... I was having a nightmare. Wait a second...
Are you okay?
Hello?
Roussel? You mean Claude? You're calling Dr. Demento so he can come paint my face again? Fuck that.
Professor Roussel. There's something wrong with you. I know it.
Fixing your makeup with a phone, huh? Who the fuck are you calling?
I'll be right back. Stay put.
Serafine...
Ahh, Rodin. Mmm! He's the fuc-  I mean, he's the best. You must go to the Rodin sculpture garden, in the huitieme, it's so beautiful.
This looks familiar...
A la votre.
That's what counts. If you're not passionate about it, don't waste your time. That's why I quit college... Plus I'm a lazy bastard.  Wait, I know this... A votre sante.
So's Woody Allen.  No, your uncle really helped me. I was sort of messed up for a while. Wasting my time just partying and... just stupid shit. He kind of woke me up, gave me a job, got me taking classes.  You know, he and Claude, their work is controversial, but they're serious about it. Totally dedicated.
Like I should talk. Monsieur foot-in- the-mouth. I'm really sorry about that whole Woody Allen thing...
So tell me, exactly which truck driver did you study English with?
Shit! You bought enough pate for a fucking army!
Man! Our first date and already you're trying to get me to change! You French women work quick!
Don't you want to change?
It's okay. I can see fine.
What about your glasses?
Okay. But I'm back in half an hour.
What about food? Even beautiful women have to eat. It's true. I read it. Please? A half an hour?  My treat?  Pleez! Don't make go out there alone again! I'm begging you!
I know! Let's go hock loogies off the Eiffel Tower!
Go to Jim Morrison's grave at Pere Lachaise. It's overrun with American tourists. I have to work.
Come on Serafine. Let's go out. Show me the real Paris, the part that isn't overpriced and overrun with German tourists.
Hey, what more could I want? I survived my first and last hallucinogenic hellride, and neither of us is dead. I'd say I feel almost as great as you look.
Fan-fucking-tastic?
So... you feel okay now?
I was an Indian, actually. Man, that damn psycho paint...! If that's supposed to be mild, I don't want to know about medium.  The planet earth. It's good to be back.
You have to be a hero. All Americans think they are cowboys.
Um... sort of... Maybe... It's all kind of blurry. We met at the club, then... Damn, that was some weird shit.
What happened? Did you cut yourself?
Yeah... Ditto. I saw, er, I thought I saw you get munched... like Uncle Terrence...
Thank God! What a relief! I thought... After you disappeared... I couldn't find you... I thought all sorts of horrible things...
Serafine...?
Andy! Holy shit!
You must get out of here. It's not safe.
So you came after all. Just in time, it's getting interesting.
Andy!
Wait a second, are you like the Steven King of France or something...
Maybe I didn't know him like you did. But he's my uncle. And I owe it to him to get some answers. It's a quest like, uh, Hemingway, the Old Man and The Sea. Except instead of an old man I'm a young man, and instead of the sea, it's a bunch of tunnels under Paris. And instead of a big fish it's... who knows? That's what I'm going to find out. Au revoir.
What good can you do? Why are you being so fucking stupid?
Come on. I'm from New York - the "shoot me" state. Don't wait up.
I'm serious. There's nothing for you down there. It's dangerous.
In an underground club? I'd like to see that.
Professor Claude Rousel. The one your uncle was working with. He teaches cultural history.
And who's Claude?
Yes. It's a bad place. Weird people. Strange things go on.
Like an underground club?
It's nothing. A stupid party. Not really a night club, it's, uh...
Medusa... What's this? some kind of club?
Uh-huh. Good for you.
Fine. My mistake. You know, I'm gonna be a writer myself some day.
You were. I have work to do. The publisher wants the transcripts by Monday. Go. Make yourself at home.
Hey, Sorry if I was out of line.
You must not have known him very well. He's not like that.
If you leave it for more than a few minutes it locks up. Now I must reboot and type a dozen fucking passwords. He was security crazy.
What?
Salots! Shitfucker!
Well put. So, what exactly has uncle Terrence been up to lately?
Police. They have their head in their asshole and they still can't find shit.
Yeah. True. The cops weren't much help either. Their theory is he was moonlighting as a drug dealer or something. Make sense to you?
It's a fucking nightmare, isn't it?
Sure. I can follow that.
You? You're Madame Flocquet? I pictured a fat lady with an apron, not - I don't know - La Femme Nikita.
Serafine Flocquet. I work for your uncle.
Yeah, that's the word. And you are?
Oh fuck, you are his nephew...
Shut up! Save your stories. The only thing I want to hear is you begging for your life. I want to see you suffer, like they did.  Haha! You're scared now, eh? Come on. Where's the scary monster now huh? Ha ha... We'll see who -
Shhh! Be quiet, man! We're not alone -
It's you. You should be dead in that wreck with Bazin and Racine!
Shit!
Pull over! Now!
No... I...
You on drugs? Huh?
There's something down there! A bear or something! A god damn monster! Beau coup teeth! Huge, Grande, with yellow eyes, all this hair, it killed Serafine! My God...
It bit me! My leg! Jesus, it's down there, shoot it! Shoot it for Christ's sakes!
Okay, what the hell are you up to?
"Fuck"? You think I don't know this word "fuck"? Is that how you talk to policemen in America?
GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!
FOR GOD'S SAKES, LET ME OUT!!
Hey! You shouldn't be down there!
Looks like he lied to you too.
Nothing's happening!
Why isn't it doing anything!?
Ha. Some wonder drug...
Cure!? Ha-ha-ha!
You bastard! God! I should've known. You wanted the cure all for yourself!
Go ahead Serafine. Blow him away.
Another step and he's dead!
Sure. Don't you?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Hey, I'm new here, what do you want?
What's the problem?
If you know about the church, why ask such stupid questions?
So, if you and the nutty professor are both werewolves, what do you want with drugs? You like seeing lots of pretty colors when you're tearing people's throats out?
Yeah, okay. Just gimme a minute to freshen up.
The ADM. Let's go.
And you call me a moron...
Claude...?
What, you think Claude hangs out underground cause he likes to dance?
Bullshit! You're bluffing!
Don't be an idiot! I'm not the only one. If I die, Serafine dies!
You'll never get the chance.
No. But I'll kill your fucking girlfriend!
Or else what? You'll kill me?
Saint Severin? The church? So you know all about the ADM!  Where is it! Tell me! Tell me or else!
He didn't tell me anything. All he said was Saint Severin...
Before the coma!
My uncle's in a coma you moron!
Bullshit! Your uncle told you!
Man, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Where's the ADM? Where did your uncle put it?
Yeah? In New York we got an expression too. Goes like this...
In Paris we have an expression for people like you: Encul d'Americain.
My men think you died and floated away in the Seine. If I wanted to, I could let them believe that.  But that would be illegal...
What about me?
I always wanted to do that. I saw it in a movie.
I leave these open. Maybe something comes back to you.
But... I don't remember anything, I swear...
Merde... Wait here. When I return you tell me about last night, huh?
This is... it's like a sick joke, I -
He was a good man. Now his wife is a widow.
Oh no... no....
That's not all...  Marcel - Officer Boulard was following you.
Oh shit... No...
We know you were with her.
What?!
You recognize her?
You sure it's not just 'coz you jerk off too much?
All my life I've worked to unlock the power of the unconscious mind. Well this is it. This is power!
I told him it wasn't ready...
It killed him... You coulda just used Draino. It's cheaper.
That's what Serafine is searching for. Without much luck, I'm afraid. If only we could speak with him. But alas, he's off in another realm, close to death.
Eight o'clock. Shit. You'd think my uncle would have left a clue, a note, something...
Yes, that sociopath. He's given himself over to the evil of lycanthropy. To him, ADAM is just a threat to the terror he holds over others. To us, it's salvation.
Because Gaston was after it.
Yes. I was able to decode the old texts and give Terrence the specifications. It took a lot of trial and error, but finally he got it: Adenine Di-Methyloxide. ADM. I call it ADAM. But just before he was attacked, he hid it...
Uncle Terrence.
It's chemistry, Andy. Nothing more. Mutated antigens concentrated in the heart of the infector unlock a vaccine- like chain reaction in the infectee. There were not many bio-chemists working in the twelfth century, but with today's technology it's possible to synthesize any chemical imaginable. When I discovered this ancient cure I knew who to go to.
Great. Later on we'll have to get together for cocktails. Right now I kinda have to hurry before I grow a lot of hair and eat people.  Say this heart thing works. What's it got to do with ADM?
What?... Oh, right, you can see these guys too. Jesus... 
I don't believe we've been introduced.
Yeah, well what if it's the Weekly World News...
"Simon ate of the heart of the beast and his soul was cleansed."  These pictures are not just myth, Andy. The scholars of the day used them to record facts and enlighten the public. This is the medieval version of a newspaper.
Why the fuck would I do that?
You're exactly right, Andy. I enlisted both Serafine and your uncle to obtain ADM. And now I'm counting on your assistance too.
My God! Serafine's right. It's time to go. We'll talk soon.
Not you too -
Yeah, well if I claw my face off, just pack it in ice, okay? Jesus... the cops were probably right. My uncle was messed up with a bunch of fry brains and they went berserk on him.
You didn't know? But then why did you... well, don't worry. It's relatively mild.
Terrence and I came down here to do serious work. For centuries these tunnels have been home to subcultures mainstream society would not tolerate.
Yeah?
Andy...
Yeah well, that's like really groovy and everything, but who hacked my uncle's legs off?
He's on a new drug called ZBH, or "Daydream". It allows the user to be fully alert and mobile while he's dreaming. He is literally conscious and unconscious at the same time.
What?
You think it's silly. But do you realize that young man is actually in a deep sleep?
Psychic awareness. Right.
The cops. It's their backward laws that force all this underground in the first place, endangering people whose only crime is pushing the limits of perception, exploring new states of psychic awareness.
Yeah, well, why did he hang out here? The cops said it's dangerous -
It's horrible. Terrence was one of the most brilliant men I've known.
I know. I'm Andy McDermott. Terrence's nephew.
I'm sorry my friend, I'm not signing books right now. There's been a tragedy.
I never thought I'd ask this of anyone, Andy, but do me a favor and kill the evil son-of-a-bitch, will you?
Claude.
Yeah, I finally "checked out", thank God. But there's a bit of unfinished business.
Uncle Terrence, you're...
AHHH!! The wine cellar!! In a bottle of Chateau Margaux. A metal cylinder... Don't... Don't - AAAAH!
Where is it! Please!
The ADM! Quickly! Where is it?!
Oh shit! No! Andy, don't let them take me back there!
I went to St. Severin church.  Now look -
The ADM! Be careful, Andy. It's very powerful. How do you know about it?
Great, but listen, I need to know where you hid the ADM?
Undead. Right. Sort of an ectocosmic manifestation. What a pisser. Tell you one thing though, Timothy Leary will be jealous as hell.
Sort of...
Andy, I have to tell you about the dream I had - or that I'm still having - it feels like a systemic, physio- tropic reaction to some drug, maybe a triptamine or phenethylamine derivative. But it is hyper-real. I'd swear my legs had been cut off or... wait a second... I'm getting a strange meta-physical buzz. Shit. I'm, uh, dead, aren't I?
Yeah. Look, uncle Terrence -
Andy? Andy is that you?
Uncle Terrence?
Yeah, I know. Back to the Eiffel Tower.  And what about you?
Yeah, well I don't know much about chemistry, but even if this stuff works, you better find it by midnight. Otherwise it's -
Puking on yourself in midair is not a good death.
Don't worry. In a few seconds you won't feel a thing.
Shit. I feel sick.
But this is class kid, all the way. What a way to go.
What the hell, lots of my heroes killed themselves. Hemingway, Van Gogh... um... Herve Villachaise...
Good man. Now can I have my arms back?
Alright. Let me write a letter.
No we can't. That's the problem. God knows it would beat hanging around with you!
Fuck you! If I'm gonna kill myself I'll do it when I'm good and ready! You can go to hell!
What are you so damn angry about? Did somebody turn into a wild beast and rip your intestines out? Huh?
Aaaaa!!! Get the fuck away from me!
I'm afraid she's not so lucky. She's undead. And so am I.
Well, when you're about to pop off, what have you got to lose? Thanks for your help.
Not that I know.
I don't know. There were others much closer. He was religious?
Why would he pick this one?
Just the name of this hospital, St. Severin. He repeated it a few times then he lost consciousness.
Yeah. I guess so.  Did he say anything? Before the coma?
Andy, it's not so easy. There are hundreds of kilometers of tunnels under Paris. It's a whole other city, crawling with drug addicts, lunatics, skinheads... It's no man's land.
I can't believe this. Why don't you go down in the tunnels and find the goddamn... animals that attacked my uncle?
Maybe we should go now. You must be very tired. We'll call if any new -
Yeah, well, these fleas must have teeth like fuckin' chain saws.
Well, here's what I think happened. A chemistry professor goes to a bad part of town late at night. Why? Perhaps he's making a few francs on the side. The psychedelic drug market is big these days. He gets mixed up with a bad crowd and, like they say, if you lie with dogs, you get fleas.
What do you mean, maniacs?
Vegetable, right. My mistake. It seems he was attacked by a maniac, maybe two or three maniacs, just after midnight. yesterday. They fled into the tunnels beneath Paris, that's all we know...
Legume? You mean, a vegetable?
No. The doctors say the machines should keep him going a long time. But basically he is, how you say, a legume.
Not too well. He taught at the Sorbonne, right? Dad always calls him his "hippie brother". Did some work with Timothy Leary I think, and - Is he... is he going to die?
How well did, er, do you know him?
Jesus...
Right. Listen, my uncle, it's not serious is it? Did he eat some bad snails? Slip on the bidet? What?
He's in charge but, uh, between you and me, my English is better.  This way... So you're from New York eh? I love those Hill Street Blues...
That's McDermott, but yeah.
Andrew Mc-dair-mo?
Are you crazy? We have nothing. Let him go, then watch him. If you're right, you can pick him up at midnight. Or maybe he'll lead you to the others. Just let him go.
I can't! At midnight tonight, he will kill again. It's crazy!
Enough. Cut him loose.
I told you. These murders are not normal.
Don't give me your black magic bullshit! Seven mutilations in forty eight hours and all you find is a scrawny American boy? Do you have a motive?  Do you have a weapon? Or do you want me to believe he did it with his own two hands?
I'm telling you. It's not drugs. It's something more. Someth -
Okay. So he's weird. Maybe on drugs. Still, that's not -
Oh, did I hurt the little girl's feelings? Well excusez moi... I confess my desire for ADM is quite "intense". So I deceived you and our poor friend Terry - a competent technician, but let's face it, a bit naive. "The great cure for lycanthropy!" Hmph. He didn't have the vision to grasp the potential of ADAM, until it was too late. And even then, he came rushing down to tell me, as if I would be just as shocked! Ha.
You fucking liar!
No, it's no cure. It's something much more interesting.
God, well don't let him go! Catch him!
Claude, it's Andy, he's acting really weird, I think something happened last night...
Serafine? Is that you? What's going on?
Andy!
Allo?
Andy, stop! I think he can help you - 
Yes sir.
Now!
But Inspector, this girl, I wouldn't call her reliable.
I need two tactical assault squads at Place Denfert immediately. You can tell the commissioner it's a code red.
Something about a monster, underground, in the catacombs under Place Denfert.
What did she say?
Just a crazy call from a girl, probably fucked up on drugs. I wouldn't bother you but you said call with anything unusual.
What've you got?
What, you think everyone's as ignorant as you?
You think that's what McDermott was raving about in the ambulance?
You never heard the story of Saint Severin driving the werewolves from Paris?
Saint Severin...
Right. Little twerp thinks he's Colombo.
You better follow that McDermott kid. He's going to wind up like his uncle if he's not careful.
Double merde.
Two more nights in this lunar cycle.
Merde.
Twelve thirty-six a.m. here. Twelve forty a.m. here. There's two of them. At least.
Hmmph. At least now there's one person around here who doesn't think I'm crazy.
Okay. So maybe you were right.
Well?
Your uncle was carrying this. The keys to his apartment are in there. I talked to his assistant, Madame Flocquet. You'll be staying there a while?
Here.
He says -
Merde.
Get on! Anastasia, get on!
Hurry, Grandmama!
When you're older . . .
"Together in Paris"! Oh, when can we be "together in Paris?!
It's where I've made my home but I do have something for you . . .
Oh, Grandmama, why do you have to go back to Paris?
I know, but I had to because . . .
I thought you were told not to tutor your servants anymore.
How to read.
What were you showing her?
I was showing Sonya something . . .
Why were you so late tonight
Then come find me.
Anya! What if <u>we</u> can't find anyone who loves us?!
Then you'll have to make your own home. Lots of people do.
But what if we can't ever find where we came from?!
I have to go now, before it gets light.
I'm not sure but look. . .
Where is your home, Anya?
No.  I'm running <u>to</u>.
Are you running away?
No. From now on I am your loyal subject ... your highness. By your leave?
Vlad, stop acting this way! You're my friend!
Fortunately, I am to be married.  With your highness, permission.
Cut it out, Vlad! I'm not angry with you anymore - I know how much you needed the money.
Yes, your highness.
Poor Meetoo!
Yes, your highness.
Oh, Meetoo! You look miserable! Oh, Vlad - look at him!
Not you. Him.
I shant!
You'll laugh.
Come out! I can do alterations.
No! I look ridiculous!
You must have.
Did I tell you that?
I don't have a memory and I'm not a Princess!  Even if I were - no one's ever going to believe it. I'm not exactly...
We're just going to refresh your memory...
Ah ... the Lady Sophie... The ravishing first cousin, once removed, from the Empress. We must convince Sophie that you are the Princess before we'll be granted a meeting with the Empress ... your grandmother, I mean.
Who's Sophie?
We have to prepare you for an audience with Sophie.
I'm fine.
Is everyone all right?
She's quite right, Dmitri, a man of my stature should not have to
Noooo....
Look, I came here to get papers to travel to Paris and. . .
I was just wondering since we already have the dress. . .
Good day!
Well, I don't have any money . . .
Providing travel papers is illeagal!  I know Dmitri well - perhaps I can help you.  Providded you have enough money to pay for this service. . .
I heard it from everyone who said I didn't hear it from them!   Do you know Dmitri?
Who did you hear it from?
I'll never let go!
Don't let me go!
Anya... where are we?
Dmitri?
I'm glad you	did too.
I'm glad you found what you were looking for.
No! I thought you believed in me! It was all a lie!
No! Well, yes, but
Tell me it isn't true?! Tell me you didn't do this for the money!
Anya, wait!
Don't be
I'm so scared...
You'll convince her. You have the qualities of a princess you're poised and strong... and beautiful ... even if you forget a couple dates of family names - she'll know.
Yes - If I can't convince Sophie, I'll never be able to see Tatiana....
Nervous?
It's okay. Didn't hurt..
Oh! I'm sorry...
Hey! It doesn't matter! You gotta make your own way in the world! Don't be sorry for me! I'm going to get what I want don't you worry!
I'm sorry.
Well, the only thing you've got when you've got a home is a fear of losing it! You're lucky you don't remember the revolution -- I never had much, but what I did have -- I lost.
I know I must have had something to do with the palace - I've had little flashes of things - but being the Princess? It doesn't matter as long as I find my home.
Yeah ... well, yours. You still don't believe that you're the Princess, do you?
Lost. it feels lost. This was hers?
Sad?
It's so beautiful ... and sad.
It's not you - it's the dress!
You said you wouldn't laugh!
It used to be a private yacht before the government took it over.
What a beautiful ship!
The dessert fork!
It's the best fork of all
...fish fork, salad fork, meat fork and. . .  [THIS SECTION ALSO NOT LEDGABLE]
Natasha! Natasha Feastavich!- but we called her Nashie Fooshie!
Every Russian family has one..
You are the Princess.
You never said anything to me about having to prove I'm a Princess!
You shouldn't have pushed us!
You must enjoy causing me pain!
No!
Come on!
HUH?!
Now just get off the train.
Forged papers! Now, what?!
Trying... to... breathe...
Just what do you think you're doing?!
Why?
Come on up!
That's a good idea - a great idea - stretch your legs  ... stretch then that way.
I'm going to stretch my legs
I was all out of dynamite!
By pulling my hair?!
I wasn't bothering you. I was trying to wake you up!
Sorry - it's a reflex. Living in an orphanage if someone bothers you - you automatically come up swinging.
Do you always punch people first thing in the morning?
Look - there isn't an orphan in the world who doesn't dream she's a princess but, come on. . .  Look at me!
You never thought of the possibility?
Anastasia's grandmother is in Paris.  We're going to bring Anastasia to her - in Paris. 
I have my reasons.
Why do you want to go to Paris?
Perhaps it's because she has amnesia too - can't remember. . .
I don't know.  I don't see what this has to do with me.
You know, it's strange - Anastasia's grandmother, the Dowager Empress Tatiana has been looking for Anastasia since the revolution.  Why do you think she wouldn't go to her own grandmother?
I don't know - I don't remember anything that happened before the revolution. . .
What happened to your parents?
People say Anastasia was the only member of the Royal Family to escape alive.  That makes her an orphan too 
Who are you?!
AND A SONG SOMEONE SINGS ONCE UPON A DECEMBER.
That's quite a hard head you've got there, boy.
I'm sorry. . .  I'm. . .
Ouch!  That really hurt!
And we have found each other nothing will ever change that! I am your family, dear child, but I may not be your home.
I've spent my whole life waiting to find you ...
Yes, you do. You do.
I don't know who I am! I still don't know!
This is who you were. Exactly who you are is up to you.
And this is my future. This is who I am!
You can't go back to find your home. Your home is in your heart, in the future that you make for yourself.
I wanted to come home, Grandmama - and I did. I came back to my home with you.
Is it? Is this what you want?
"If" I accept?! Of course I'm going to accept! it's what I always wanted!
You'll have to become used to it, child, if you accept the crown...
Why does everyone have to act that way?
No, he just wanted to know you were happy.
Dmitri didn't want the money?
No, not about the ceremony, Anastasia - do you understand the choice you must make.
Oh, yes, Grandmama - I wait until I hear...
Don't you, child?
No, no child... shush... it's all right ...
No, it wasn't a bat! I saw this horrible man - I remember him, I think...
Anastasia! It was just a bat! It's gone, dear...
Don't worry about that now, child, it will all come back to you now that you're home...
... and that Christmas dinner, when Cook made that awful plum pudding and we hid it in our pockets so we wouldn't hurt her feelings! I do remember so much now, Grandmama, - but not everything.
THINGS MY HEAR USED TO KNOW THINGS IT YEARS TO REMEMBER
PAR AWAY, LONG AGO GLOWING DEEP AS AN EMBER
I remember something lost ... I'm so confused! Oh, please, just tell me if you recognize me! Do you think I could have... belonged to you ...
Do you remember this?
I don't know! I don't want to hurt you...
Who are you, child?
Shut up!
PARSE HOLDS THE KEY TO MY HEART FRENCH- BAT- CHICKS HANG OUT AT MONTMARTRE WE'LL EAT SOME IN-SECTS THEN GO BACK AND HAVE --
Me? No. Rich food - it kills me. Ever try and fly after one of those heavy sauces?
Bartok ... have you ever been to Paris?
She leads a charmed life, that little one ... Someone is always there to save her. In the palace as a child, on the train and now ... it's him.
Boy, don't you hate it when that happens?
What do you think is the most humiliating way to die?
I'm getting pneumonia. I have a fever. Feel my forehead...
Bartok... a question.
I'm getting a chest cold..
Oy... not a road trip. I get wagon sick, you know that.
Yesss... our power is much stronger when were near. We must get close to her.
Evil, powerful beings - I have their power only if I contain them, control them. If they should all be released at once... well ...
You'd lose your security deposit?
Do you have any idea what would happen if that broke?!
My Aunt Bella, sweet woman not the brightest bat in the world - she used to hang right side up, anyway she always said "Curses were made to be broken". Course, she said it in those irritating little bat squeaks, so it wasn't quite so profound...
I cursed then all!
Hey, she's just a kid. And she's going to Paris outta sight, outta mind, outta Russia.
Rodent's intuition, how do I know? She looks exactly like her. Except she's taller, which	is natural ... Of course my second cousin Treplev - he never	grew. Looks like a little pepper shaker. He was so cute ...
How do you know?
Trust me, it's her!
Okay... you're not gonna like this but, well, it looks like Anastasia is ... still alive.
Get to the point sometime tonight.. I'm late for a wenching.
So, I'm cruisin' the rafters and... what can I say, I struck out. I thought chicks would like the fact that I can talk, you know but, I mean, the way things are going I couldn't get invited to a plague.  Someone's gotta clean that up...
Why would I ever be angry with you, little friend?
No, I really like my tongue... we're very attached.  Oyyyy... Okay, now... promise you won't get angry.
I gave you that tongue and I can rip it out!
And what do you want, my little rat-with-wings?
Oh my God!  Don't do that ... feel my heart. Go ahead. I'm dying here ...
What?
She found her home. Maybe it's time I found one too!
So where will you go?
Watch me.
But this invitation came from the Empress herself! It's the social event of the decade! You can't turn it down!
Dmitri ... You must understand that once you take her to Tatiana... well, it's over... nothing can happen between you. She's a princess and you're a commoner.
What do you mean?
Life is funny, isn't it. You find the right girl ... and then you lose her.
Are you feeling all right?
But it's not	the money, Vlad.
We did it! We did it, my boy! We're going to see Tatiana at the ballet tonight and we're going to be rich! Rich!
It worked in Odessa...
The "Odessa Dunk"?
If I used the word "bleak" I would be optimistic.
How is our current financial status?
Ah! Let us begin!
See? The Princess is under there ...
Pray he's color-blind...
What do we do now?
Yes. And I hate that in a woman.
Well, she certainly has a mind of her own.
Royalty do not help people with their luggage.
You're a princess...
What a world - a man who was in my position in society is calling a peasant 'Your Highness".
"Wake up, your highness" - we should start getting used to saying it.
Wake up, young lady, that's our train.
Would you have leaned over Rembrant's shoulder and told him to paint faster?
Hurry up with those papers.
Ew. . .  the honest type.
She doesn't want to do anything "dishonest". . .
Look!
He's her?
It's her.
That was your dinner!  I do hope there is no cabbage in Paris!
What was that?
We will.  We <u>have</u> to.  Come on, Vlad - she's out there.
It's no use, Dmitri - we'll never find the right girl!
Run, Anya -  go...
I'll show you!
STOP IT! I DID SO KILL THEM! And I'm going to kill Anastasia.
You're insane! You didn't kill the Romonovs - it was the...
The same thing I wanted ten years ago - all the Romonovs dead I got the others, now I have to finish up with that nuisance, Anastasia...
What do you want?!
I know, I know ... you thought I was dead. That's how the history books will remember me - not as the ruler of all of Russia, which I SHOULD HAVE BEEN - but as the guy who was never dead when you expected him to be.
Rasputin!
So. You don't want to go to the coronation, eh?
Oh, Dmitri.I wish that I could.
And tell me that she's happy.
She does.
Promise me she'll have her home.
That last night in the palace... one boy showed us kindness and courage. You were the boy who saved our lives, weren't you?  Please, is there nothing I can do to repay you?
I should go
You are the boy ...
Young	man, I...
Empress, no! I will not take the money! I just came to tell you I was sorry...
I want you to have the reward money - you've earned it.
No. Empress, you --
I sent for you because I owe you a debt of gratitude larger than I can ever repay
What I <U>found</U>your was your granddaughter!
Anastasia's music box... She had this all these years...  You could have found it...
You! How dare you?! Stop this car immediately!
I'm not Ulo and I won't slow down. But you will listen to me!
Remove him at once.
Please, if you'd just listen...
How much pain will you inflict on an old woman for money?!
I need to speak with the Dowager Empress ...
After all I've done for your family - YOU TRIED TO KILL MEEEEEE ! ! !
I did no such thing!
You gave the orders!
I had nothing to do with it!
Despite being shot, poisoned and thrown into an icy river . . . YES!
Rasputin!  You're alive . . .
Oh, heavens, no... but ...  She is going to be at the Ballet Russe tonight! That's the Russian Ballet - Russe for Russian, oh those crazy French... they only go to see which dancers will defect.
Perhaps you could convince her?
Oh, heavens I must say... no, no actually, I can't - Tatiana has refused to see any more girls.
Then, you'll take her to see Tatiana?
Oh, heavens - I must say, yes.
Are you impressed with our Anastasia?
Oh good! We haven't seen an Anastasia in several days!
May I present her Royal Highness Princess Anastasia!
It's for my brudder.  Alvy Singer! Hey! This is Alvy-
Your girl friend's name is Ralph?
Yeah, I do. It's for my girl friend. Make it out to Ralph.
You don't want my autograph.
Can I have your autograph?
I need a large polo mallet!
This guy's on television.
Gimme a break, will yuh, gimme a break. Jesus Christ!
This guy's on television! Alvy Singer, right? Am I right?
Fellas... you know-Jesus! Come on!
Alvy Singer. It was nice nice... Thanks very much... for everything.
Come on.
I'm... I'm, uh, I'm Robert Redford.
What's your name?
Once in a while, you know. I mean, you know, every now-
You were on... uh, the... uh, the Johnny Carson, right?
You wouldn't know it. It doesn't matter. What's the difference?
What's your name?
No. Yeah, once in a while. You know, like occasionally.
Hey, you on television?
M'mm.
Not only is he a great agent, but he really gives good meetings.
All the good meetings are taken.
I took a meeting with Freddy. Freddy took a meeting with Charlie. You take a meeting with him.
Well, you take a meeting with him, I'll take a meeting with you if you'll take a meeting with Freddy.
Alvy Singer over here!
Singer!
This guy, on the Johnny Carson show.
Who's on television?
This is Alvy Singer!
What?
Hey!
Okay, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all! You know, it's funny, after all the serious talks and passionate moments that it ends here... in a health food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard. Goodbye, Sunny.
You're like New York. You're an island.
Alvy, you are totally incapable of enjoying life.
It's an important issue.
Well, you only give me books with the word "death" in the title.
You didn't read "Death in Venice" till I gave it to you!
What is so incredibly great about New York? It's a dying city! You-you read "Death in Venice".
You're a thinking person. How can you choose this lifestyle?
Oh, my God!  She's right! Why did I turn off Allison Portchnik? She was-she was beautiful. She was willing. She was real... intelligent.  Is it the old Groucho Marx joke? That-that I-I just don't wanna belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member?
You're using this conspiracy theory as an excuse to avoid sex with me.
I-I-I-I would leave out the men's- room attendant.
The FBI, and the CIA, and J. Edgar Hoover and oil companies and the Pentagon and the men's-room attendant at the White House?
Tsch.
Then everybody's in in the conspiracy?
L-L-Lyndon Johns Lyndon Johnson is a politician. You know the ethics those guys have? It's like-uh, a notch underneath child molester.
Lyndon Johnson?
Hey... honey, I don't know Earl Warren.
Yeah, Earl Warren?
Well, why not?
Okay. All right, so whatta yuh saying, now? That e-e-everybody o-o-on the Warren Commission is in on this conspiracy, right?
If they-they recovered the shells from that rifle.
We've been through this.
Alvy.
It-but it-it... doesn't make any sense. He drove past the book depository and the police said conclusively that it was an exit wound. So-how is it possible for Oswald to have fired from two angles at once? It doesn't make sense.
Well, I'm getting tired of it. I need your attention.
H'm, I'm sorry, I can't go through with this, because it-I can't get it off my mind, Allison... it's obsessing me!
Portchnik.
Yeah? Allison what?
Allison.
Do you feel all right?
that I've got to... ah... ah... They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes, then I gotta go out there, I gotta ... get laughs, too. How much can they laugh?  They-they they're laughed out.
Yes.
I prefer not to, because... look, they're laughing at him. See, so what are yuh telling me-
Will you relax, please? They're gonna love you, I know.
No, because they're-they're laughing, so  I-I-I'd rather not. If you don't mind, I prefer-
It's okay.
No, I'm sorry, I'm not goin'- I can't... I don't wanna go on after that comedian.
Why not?
So what are you telling me, you're putting on two comics in a row?
Yes.
No, it can't be, because he's a comic.
Uh ... I mean you're on right after this act.
What do you mean, next?
Oh, comedian. Yes. Oh, uh... you're on next.
Alvy... Alvy Singer. I'm a comedian.
Who are you?
Excuse... excuse me, when do I go on?
I thought just earplugs.
Oh!
You mean they give awards for that kind o' music?
The Grammys. He's got a lotta records up for awards.
The what?
If you must know, it's a hectic time for Tony. The Grammys are tonight.
Air miles, you know. I mean, you know what that does to my stomach?
I'm late.
You mean that...  I-I-I-I flew three thousand miles to see you.
The usual, you know. Uh, tryin' t' write. I'm workin' on a play.  Jesus. So whatta yuh saying? That you're not comin' back to New York with me?
Alvy, I can't say that that's true at this point in my life. I really just can't say that that's true. I mean, you know how wonderful you are. I mean, you know... you're the reason that I got outta my room and that I was able to sing, and-and- and, you know, get more in touch with my feelings and all that crap. Anyway, look, I don't wanna- Listen, listen, listen, uh  h'h, so whatta you up to anyway, huh?
No.  Yes, of course I'm mad, because you love me, I know that.
You're mad, aren't you?
Okay.  Check, please. Can I -can I... Can I... Can I...
No. We're friends. I wanna remain friends.
I can't enjoy anything unless I... unless everybody is. I-you know, if one guy is starving someplace, that's... you know, I-I... it puts a crimp in my evening.  So wanna get married or what?
Alvy, you're incapable of enjoying life, you know that? I mean, your life is New York City. You're just this person. You're like this island unto yourself.
That's right, 'cause it's an important issue.
That's right, that's right.  You only gave me books with the word "death" in the titles.
Hey, you didn't read "Death in Venice" till I bought it for yuh.
What's so great about New York? I mean, it's a dying city. You read "Death in Venice."
So whatta you... You're not gonna come back to New York?
Well, whatta you mean? I mean, it's perfectly fine out here. I mean, Tony's very nice and, uh, well, I meet people and I go to parties and- and we play tennis. I mean, that's... that's a very big step for me, you know?  I mean...  I'm able to enjoy people more.
Why? You wanna live out here all year? It's like living in Munchkin Land.
Oh, Alvy, come on.
You see, I-I've been thinking about it and I think that we should get married.
Oh, no, I just lost a little weight, that's all.  Well, you look nice.
You look very pretty.
I guess these are all yours. Impeach, uh, Eisenhower... Impeach Nixon... Impeach Lyndon Johnson... Impeach Ronald Reagan.
Yeah.
Hey, this one's mine, this button. This one, you rem-
You know, I-I-I don't think many couples could handle this. You know, they could just break up and remain friends.
Exactly, but... exactly. Ooooh!
We can always come back together again. Because there's no-there's no problem. 'Cause... Right.
What?
Right. And you-and you know what the beauty part is?
Well, why should I put you through all my moods and hang-ups anyway?
Yeah, and I-I tru- you know, I trust her, because my-my analyst recommended her.
Yeah, my analyst thinks this move is keen for me.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, you know, no, no, no, I mean, I think it's really important for us to explore new relationships and stuff like that.
Thanks, honey.
Right. Geez, I feel like there's a great weight off my back. M'mmm.
Remember that day?
God.
This is the first book that I got you.
Oh-
This "Denial of Death". You remember this?
Now, look, all the books on death and dying are yours and all the poetry books are mine.
There's no-no question in my mind. I think we're doing the mature thing, without any doubt.
Well, uh, Alvy, you wanted to break up just as much as I do.
Oh, it sure has... You know, you wrote your name in all my books, 'cause you knew this day was gonna come.
Well, let's see now... If it has my name on it, then I guess it's mine.
Whose "Catcher in the Rye" is this?
Tsch, I know. A relationship, I think, is-is like a shark, you know? It has to constantly move forward or it dies.  And I think what we got on our hands  is a dead shark.
Alvy, uh, let's face it. You know something, don't think our relationship is working.
Yeah, she's got a great-lookin' fa- A pat on the androgynous side. But it's...
Don't you think his girl friend's beautiful?
Yeah, and gradually you get old and die. You know it's important to make a little effort once in a while.
It's wonderful. I mean, you know they just watch movies all day.
I'm cool.
Oh, good. Okay.
Boy, this is really a nice screening room. It's really a nice room.
I'm into garbage. It's my thing.
Yeah.
Yeah, this place is great.
Nothing at all?
Christ!
I'm nauseous.  Oh, jesus, now I don't get to do the TV show?
Excuse me. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Doctor. Uh, Alvy-Alvy, that was the show. They said everything is fine. They found a replacement, so they're going to tape without you.
Well... H-h huh... Oh, good... Yes, I'll tell him.
Oh, oh, no, I can't-I can't eat this. I'm nauseous.  If you could-if you could just give me something to get me through the next two hours, you know I-I have to go out to Burbank... and give out an award on a TV show.
It's that they don't throw their garbage away. They make it into television shows.
God, it's so clean out here.
Really? And what is the kick of it? Because I never...
God.
No, no, no that's not it at all. Alvy's giving an award on television. Gee, he talks like he's violating a moral issue sitting here.
...I'm thrilled. As you know, uh... uh, on my agent's advice I sold out, and I'm gonna do an appearance on TV.
Alvy, come on, for your own experience. I mean, you wanna write, why not?
Oh, I'm sure it's a lot of fun, 'cause the Incas did it, you know, and-and they-they-they were a million laughs.
Yeah. Come on. It'd be fun.
Yeah, I know it's sick, but it's new. You know, you didn't say it couldn't be sick.
That's sick!
How can you say that? I mean,  who said I-I-I-I said that you, I and that girl from your acting class should sleep together in a threesome.
You never wanna try anything new, Alvy.
Sometimes I think-sometimes I think I should just live with a woman.
You know... it's getting expensive my analyst... for her analyst. She- she's making progress and I'm not making any progress. Her progress is defeating my progress.
I don't know, though, I feel so guilty because Alvy is paying for it, so, you know, so I do feel guilty if I don't go to bed with him. But if I do go to bed with him, it's like I'm going against my own feelings. I don't know I-I can't win.
The incredible thing about it is, I'm paying for her analysis and she's making progress and I'm getting screwed.
But the thing is-I mean, since our discussions here, I feel I have a right to my own feelings. I think you woulda been happy because... uh, uh, I really asserted myself.
I mean... I tried everything, you know, I-I-I put on soft music and my- my red light bulb, and...
And... I don't know... I mean, six months ago I-I woulda done it. I woulda done it, just to please him.
She would not sleep with me the other night, you know, it's-
Constantly! I'd say three times a week. Like the other night, Alvy wanted to have sex.
Hardly ever. Maybe three times a week.
Well, I've been moody and dissatisfied.
Well, we never have any laughs anymore, is the problem.
That day in Brooklyn was the last day I remember really having a great time.
All right, all right, you don't wanna go to the party, so uh, whatta you wanna do?
I'm just not... you know, I don't think I could take a mellow eve- 'cause I-I don't respond well to mellow, you know what I mean, I-I have a tendency to... if I get too mellow, I-I ripen and then rot. You know, and it's-it's not good for my... 
I don't know, I thought it might be kind of fun, you know what I mean, it'd be nice to meet some new people.
What's... you... well, what's the matter, You w-wanna go to that party?
Oh, the thing! Oh, the thing...  ...yeah... yeah.
yes, we had, uh...
Thing?
Don't you remember we-we-we discussed that thing that we were-
What thing?
Remember, we had that thing.
Yeah, well, we have the, I mean, they were just a terrific audience, I mean, you know, it makes it really easy for me, because I can be... huh?
You were-you were sensational. I mean, I-you know, I-I told yuh that if yuh stuck to it, you would be great, and-and, you know, I-I-you- you were sensational.
Oh! My God! 
Yeah, I know. Just-just put on the watch, and-and... that thing, and we'll just...
Oh, yeah? What is this, anyway?  Let me see. Okay, let's... oooh, God!  Oh, you knew I wanted this...  God, it's terrific, God!
Check it out.
What... huh?
Here's a real present.
Uh huh. Yeah. Forget it.
Try it... it'll add years to our sex life.
Uh, yeah, uh... t-t-this is more like a present for you, yeah, but it's-
Yeah, hey, why don't yuh try it on?
What is this? Is this a... Present?  Are you kidding?
Happy birthday.
Oh, darn it.
Yeah, but no presents till midnight.
Yeah, but it's real close.
Ah? Oh, well, your birthday's not till tomorrow, honey, I hate to tell yuh.
Well, I had a really good day, you know that? It was just a real fine way to spend my birthday.
Holy cow!
Oh, look, look, there's that... that's that's my old house. That's where we used to live.
Hey, can yuh watch the road? Watch the --
-me, my God, it's a great day!
Yeah.
That'd be fun for yuh. Don't you think-
Okay, okay. Okay.
Tsch, why don't we get... why don't we get Rob, and the three of us'll drive into Brooklyn, you know, and we show you the old neighborhood.
Alvy, what about... what if we go away this weekend, and we could-
I don't know.
You know I think that if you let me, maybe I could help you have more fun, you know? I mean, I know it's hard and... Yeah.
It's all right for me, it's been terrific, you know?  Better than either one of my marriages. See, 'cause... 'cause there's just something different about you. I don't know what it is, but it's great.
Living together hasn't been so bad, has it?
Oh, no, no, I think we're both much too mature for something like that.
Alvy, let's never break up again. I don't wanna be apart.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. I had the television set had the television-
Yeah?
Oh, I had the radio on.
I mean was there another- I thought I heard a voice.
W-w-whatta you mean?
Was there somebody in your room when I called you?
What?
Oh, yeah. Oh.  Oh! Alvy?
Oh, Jesus, really?
Oh, uh, I don't know. I miss you. Tsch.
Whatta you mean, don't go? Whatta- whatta what's the matter? Whatta you expecting termites? What's the matter?
Oh, don't go, okay? Please.
Whatta-whatta yuh joining a minstrel show? Geez.  Don't worry!  I did it! I killed them both. What- what's the matter? Whatta you-  whatta you sad about? You- What'd you want me to do? Capture 'em and rehabilitate 'em?
It's for my complexion.
Hey, what is this? You got black soap?
Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick.
Well, what are you doing... what are you doing with-
Okay, let me have this.
I think I left it there, I'm sorry.
snow shovel or anything or something.
Oh, I-I left it at your house.
Yep. I didn't think it was that big, but it's a major spider. You got a broom or something with a-
Two?
Two... Yeah. Lotta, lotta trouble. There's two of 'em.
Yeah?
Very big spider.
Oh. What?
Darling, darling, I've been killing spiders since I was thirty, okay?
Hey, don't squish it, and after it's dead, flush it down the toilet, okay? And flush it a couple o' times.
Is he in the bathroom?
It really is lovely. It's in the bathroom.
Yeah, where is the spider?
I got the good chocolate, Alvy.
Hey, what am I-your son? Whatta you mean? I-I came over to --
Would you like a glass of chocolate milk?
Well, I was in be- It's three o'clock in the morning. You, uh, you got me outta bed, I ran over here, I couldn't get a taxi cab. You said it was an emergency, and I didn't ge- I ran up the stairs. Hell - I was a lot more attractive when the evening began. Look, uh, tell- Whatta you- Are you going with a right-wing rock-and- roll star? Is that possible?
Alvy, you're a little hostile, you know that? Not only that, you look thin and tired.
It's wonderful. Then why don'tcha get William F. Buckley to kill the spider?
Well, I like to try to get all points of view.
What is this? What are you, since when do you read the "National Review"? What are you turning in to?
Oh, humdinger. When- Well, I got a wonderful idea. Why don'tcha get the guy who took you to the rock concert, we'll call him and he can come over and kill the spider. You know, it's a-
It was just great!
Oh, yeah, really?  Really?  How-how'd you like it? Was it-was it, I mean, did it... was it heavy? Did it achieve total heavy-ocity? Or was it, uh...
Yeah.
Jesus. All right, gimme a magazine. I- 'cause I'm a little tired.  You know, you, you joke with-about me, you make fun of me, but I'm prepared for anything. An emergency, a tidal wave, an earthquake. Hey, what is this? What? Did you go to a rock concert?
I know, I know, and a first-aid kit and a fire extinguisher.
I told you a thousand times you should always keep, uh, a lotta insect spray. You never know who's gonna crawl over.
No.
Kill it! For Go- What's wrong with you? Don't you have a can of Raid in the house?
I can't sleep with a live thing crawling around in the bathroom.
Oooh.
My God, I mean, you know how I am about insects.
That's what you got me here for at three o'clock in the morning, 'cause there's a spider in the bathroom?
There's a big black spider in the bathroom.
What?
There's a spider in the bathroom.
Are you okay?  What's the matter?  Are you all right? What-
Oh.
What's- It's me, open up.
I just think we oughta call this relationship quits!
I'm following you and David, if you-
And what are you doing following me around for, anyway?
David! David! I can't believe this!
A bit rapidly. I don't care what you say about David, he's a perfectly fine teacher!
Adult education is such junk! The professors are so phony. How can you do it?
And, Alvy... and then I told her about how I didn't think you'd ever really take me seriously, because you don't think that I'm smart enough.
She said, "Will it change my wife." You heard that because you were there so I'm not crazy.
Life. I said, "life."
You said, "Will it change..." Wife. Will it change...
No, I didn't.  I said, "Will it change my life," Alvy.
Yeah, but you said, "Will it change my wife"!
Will it change my life?
Will it change your wife?
Well, she said that I should probably come five times a week. And you know something? I don't think I mind analysis at all. The only question is, will it change my wife?
Tsch, what'd the doctor say?
Oh, and God, Alvy, I did... this really terrible thing to him. Because then when he sang it was in this real high-pitched voice.
Sinatra had gl- You never said Sinatra had glasses. So whatta you saying that I-I'm suffocating you?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you. Because in the dream... I break Sinatra's glasses.
Whatta you mean? Me?
She said, your name was Alvy Singer.
Well, well, sure... because he's a singer and you're a singer, you know, so it's perfect. So you're trying to suffocate yourself. It-it makes perfect sense. Uh, uh, that's a perfect analytic... kind of insight.
and I keep, you know, it's-
Yeah?
Yeah, and he's strangling me...
Sinatra?
In-in... Alvy, in my dream Frank Sinatra is holding his pillow across my face and I can't breathe.
I whine. I-I-I sit and I whine.
Yeah.
You cried? I've never once cried. Fantastic...
Oh, I told her my dream and then I cried.
That's amazing. I-I-I... I've been goin' for fifteen years, I-you know, I don't got... nothing like that in-
M'hm.
Tsch. Rea- All this happened in the first hour?
And then I remembered when I was a kid how I accidentally saw my parents making love.
M'hm.
Well, she said that I was very guilty about my impulses toward marriage, and-and children.
G-go on, I'm interested.
M'hm.
Me? I'm-I'm one of the few males who suffers from that, so, so... you know.
And then she mentioned penis envy... Did you know about that?
M'm.
And I didn't have to lie down on the couch, Alvy, she had me sitting up. So I told her about-about the-the family and about my feelings toward men and about my relationship with my brother.
Yeah?
Oh, it was...  really weird. But she's a very nice woman.
Oh, yeah? How'd it go?
I'm home!
Well, listen, that's, a nice bi-it's a biblical name. Right? W-What does he call you? Bathsheba?
It's his name.
David? You call your teacher David?
You've always had hostility toward David ever since I mentioned him!
Next thing you know he'll find you keen and peachy, you know? Next thing you know he's got his hand on your ass!
Who cares? Who cares?
"Neat"! There's that- What are you- twelve years old? That's one o' your Chippewa Falls expressions! "He thinks I'm neat."
We're not having an affair. He's married. He just happens to think I'm neat.
Hey, don't knock masturbation! It's sex with someone I love.
Oh, well, now we're finally getting to a subject you know something about!
What's the difference? It's all mental masturbation.
"Existential Motifs in Russian Literature"! You're really close.
Oh, stop it. But you were having an affair with your college professor. That jerk that teaches that incredible crap course "Contemporary Crisis in Western Man"!
Yeah-well, you wanted to keep the relationship flexible, remember? It's your phrase.
Yeah-well, I didn't start out spying. I-I thought I'd surprise yuh. Pick you up after school.
That is the worst kind of paranoia.
Paranoid? I'm looking at you. You got your arms around another guy.
Do you realize how paranoid you are?
Following is different. I was spying.
Well, what is your definition of following?
Why? 'Cause I... was walkin' along a block behind you staring at you? That's not following!
You followed me!
I didn't follow you!
You followed me. I can't believe it!
It's Easter. You know, we'll have a nice dinner, we'll sit down and eat. I think they're gonna really like you.
Yeah.
No, I don't think so. No, I don't think they're gonna hate you at all. On the contrary, I think-
Yeah, I know, they'll hate me immediately.  Thank you.
Oh, I'm really, uh, looking forward to tomorrow. I mean, you know, I think that it'll be really nice to meet Mother and Father.
You're so sure about it.
Well, the twelve o'clock show is completely different than the nine.
Yeah.
Are yuh?
Yeah. Yeah. And you know something? I think that I'm starting to get more of your references, too.
C-c-coll- College audiences are so wonderful.
Alvy, you were... Alvy, you were just great, I'm not kidding. It was- You were so neat.
Hey, what is this-an interview? We're supposed to be making love.
Were you always funny?
so if I get a laugh from a person who's high, it doesn't count. You know-'cause they're always laughin'.
M'hm.
Well, it ruins it for me if you have grass  because, you know, I'm, like, a comedian-
Well, I need grass and so do you.
Yeah, but that's not-that's no good. I want the whole thing.
Oh, you have my body.
Is it my imagination or are you just going through the motions?
Let's just do it, all right?
I don't know, but you seem sort of distant.
U-huh.
Really?
No, I'm fine.
I don't know. You- It's like you're- you're removed.
Uh-uh-why?
M'm, wait, I got a great idea.  Hang in there for a second. I got a little-little artifact. A little erotic artifact, that-that I brought up from the city, which I think, uh, is gonna be perfect.  I just... there... There's a little Old New Orleans... essence. Now-now we can go about our business here and we can even develop photographs if we want to. There, now there.  M'mmm. M'mmm. Hey, is something wrong?
Oh, no, Alvy, please. Alvy, please.  M'mrnm.
No, no, no, what... You can once, you can live without it once. Come on.
What are you doing?
Oh, come, you don't need that.
Oh, come on, look who's talking. You've been seeing a psychiatrist for fifteen years.  You should smoke some o' this. You'd be off the couch in no time.
Well, I'll give you a shot of sodium pentothal. You can sleep through it.
Well, what's the difference, anyway?
Oh, you-you have to be artificially relaxed before we can go to bed?
It relaxes me.
Me, no. You... I-I-you know, if I have grass or alcohol or anything I get unbearably wonderful. I get too, too wonderful for words. You know, I don't-I don't know why you have to, uh, get high every time we make love.
Well, have you ever made love high?
Yeah, grass, right? The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday.
Well, okay. Well, listen, I'm gonna get a cigarette, okay?
No, don't be silly. What-what do we need other people for?  You know, we should-we should just turn out the lights, you know, and play hide and seek or something.
What?  Hey, listen, what-what do you think? Do you think we should, uh, go to that-that party in Southampton tonight?
Just don't take any course where they make you read Beowulf.
Does this sound like a good course? Uh, "Modern American Poetry"? Uh, or, uh-let's see now... maybe I should, uh, take "Introduction to the Novel."
'Cause adult education's a wonderful thing. You meet a lotta interesting professors. You know, it's stimulating.
Then why are you always pushing me to take those college courses like I was dumb or something?
Hey, don't be ridiculous.
You don't think I'm smart enough to be serious about.
It's-it's got bad plumbing and bugs. Jesus, I'll-My accountant will write it off as a tax deduction, I'll pay for it.
Yes, it is.
That place is four hundred dollars a month?
That little apartment is four hundred dollars a month, Alvy.
It's different 'cause you keep your own apartment.  Because you know it's there, we don't have to go to it, we don't have to deal with it, but it's like a-a-a free-floating life raft... that we know that we're not married.
How is it any different?
No-what, what...? I... we live together, we sleep together, we eat together. Jesus, you don't want it to be like we're married, do yuh?
I guess you think that I talked you into something, huh? 
Ye-ah. Was it... It was yours actually, but, uh, I approved it immediately.
Mine.
How- I don't want you to live with me? How- Whose idea was it?
You don't want me to live with you?
All right, granted, it has bad plumbing and bugs, but you-you say that like it's a negative thing. You know, bugs are-are-uh, entomology is a...  ...rapidly growing field.
That's right, and it's got bad plumbing and bugs.
Yeah, I know it's small.
I have a tiny apartment.
Yeah, but you-you got a nice apartment.
Well, I mean, I'm moving in with you, that's why.
Yeah, bu-bu-but why?
Of course.
Whatta you mean? You're not gonna give up your own apartment, are you?
I dunno.
Don't you think I do?
Yeah.
I love you.  You know I lo-ove you, I-I love you.  I-I have to invent- Of course I love you.
Yeah.
I-uh, love is, uh, is too weak a word for what...
Well, I certainly... I think that's very- Yeah, yeah...  yeah. Do you love me?
I know you've only known me a short while.
Yeah.
That's the key question.
Do I love you?
You- Do you love me?
Come on.  Yeah. You know what? You know, I like you, I really mean it. I really do like you.
You know what I mean? Like the tip o'your nose, and if I stroke your teeth or your kneecaps... you get excited.
Ooooh!
Uh... uh, you're-you're exceptional in bed because you got -you get pleasure in every part of your body when I touch you.
Well, what does-what does that mean? I don't know what that is.
Unbelievably sexy. Yes, you are. Because... you know what you are? You're-you're polymorphously perverse.
No, I'm not.
You are extremely sexy.
You see, like you and I...
And there's the winner of the Truman Capote look-alike contest.
Oh, yeah?
No, I'm serious.  I just got my mustache wet.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's the Mafia. Linen Supply Business or Cement and Contract, you know what I mean?
Oh! Italian, right?
Oh, that's hilarious. They're back from Fire Island. They're... they're sort of giving it a chance-you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Look at these guys.
M'hm. Yeah. Yeah.
There's-there's-there's-there's Mr. When-in-the-Pink, Mr. Miami Beach, there, you know?  He's the latest! just came back from the gin-rummy farm last night. He placed third.
M'hm.
Look, look at that guy.
U-huh.
You know, and the miserable is everyone else. That's-that's all. So- so when you go through life you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's- You're very lucky... to be...  ...to be miserable.
M'hm.
I don't-don't know how they get through life. It's amazing to me.
Yeah.
And blind people, crippled...
M'hm.
...you know, they're- The-the horrible would be like, uh, I don't know, terminal cases, you know?
M'hm.
Those are the two categories...
M'hm.
I've a very pessimistic view of life. You should know this about me if we're gonna go out, you know. I-I-I feel that life is-is divided up into the horrible and the miserable.
Yeah?
big subject with me, yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah, 'cause I-I'm, you know, I'm, I'm obsessed with-with, uh, with death, I think. Big-
That's, uh...  that's pretty serious stuff there.
I-I-I'm gonna buy you these books, I think, because I-I think you should read them. You know, instead of that cat book.
H'm?
Hey?
What? What?
M'hm.  You're not gonna believe this, but-
Oh, I don't know, I don't really. I don't do it very often, you know, just sort of, er... relaxes me at first.
I tried to take my pants off over my head...  ...my ear.
Yeah?
No, no, I-I-i, uh, I don't use any major hallucinogenics because I took a puff like five years ago at a party and
Here, you want some?
No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.
No.
Good? I was-
You're really nuts. I don't know, you really thought it was good? Tell me.
Really. I mean it. I-I'll never play the piano again.
No.  You're a wreck.
Yeah, I'm-I'm-I'm a wreck.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah?
"There goes another novel."  Jesus, you were great.
H'm?
As Balzac said...
M'm, that was so nice. That was nice.
Oh.
My first... Yes, she was nice, but you know, uh, it was my fault. I was just... I was too crazy.
Oh. And your first wife was Allison?
Nothing that a few mega-vitamins couldn't cure.
Yeah... oh, uh, and I'm gonna have a pastrami on white bread with, uh, mayonnaise and tomatoes and lettuce.  Tsch, so, uh, your second wife left you and, uh, were you depressed about that?
I'm gonna have a corned beef.
Okay. Yeah.
We can digest our-
Yeah.
Okay?
Okay.
And we'll digest our food better.
Oh, all right.
And-and uh, there's gonna be all that tension. You know, we never kissed before and I'll never know when to make the right move or anything. So we'll kiss now we'll get it over with and then we'll go eat. Okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, why not, because we're just gonna go home later, right?
Really?
Gimme a kiss.
What?
Hey, listen, listen.
Yeah, you know something? I never even took a lesson, either.
It's terrific.
Yeah?
Yeah!
Really, do you think so, really?
No, I'm not gonna letcha. You have a great voice.
No, I'm gonna quit!
No, they didn't. You have a wonderful voice.
Whatta you mean, a tad restless? Oh, my God, I mean, they hated me.
Oh, listen, so the audience was a tad restless.
I was awful. I'm so ashamed! I can't sing.
you're gonna like night clubs, they're really a lotta fun.
Yeah.
That's okay, 'cause I know exactly what that's like. Listen-
it's my first time.
No, so help me.
Oh, no-I mean, I'm just a-auditioning sort of at club. I don't-
You're gonna sing? Do you sing? Well, no, it isn't  No kidding?  this is my first time. Oh, really? Where? I'd like to come.  Oh, no, no, no, no, no! No, I'm interested!
But I'm thinking about getting some cats, you know, and then they... Oh, wait a second-oh, no, no, I mean  oh, shoot! No, Saturday night I'm gonna-  gonna sing. Yeah.
think that's, uh-
what I mean?
Yeah, I meet a lotta jerks, too.
Well, I mean, I meet a lot of... jerks, you know-
Gee, boy, what do you have? You have plague?
I know.
Oh, you... you're very popular, I can see.
Oh... nothing. Not-no, no!
Oh, I'm sorry, wait a minute, I have something. Well, what about Saturday night?
Me? Oh, uh.  No.
You know, I gotta get there and begin whining soon... otherwise I- Hey... well, are you busy Friday night?
Well, I don't know. I mean, I guess- I guess you must be sorta late, huh?
Yeah, yeah, I sorta dabble around, you know.
So, did you do shoot the photographs in there or what?
Yeah, well... you- She hates Jews. She thinks that they just make money, but let me tell yuh, I mean, she's the one yeah, is she ever. I'm tellin' yuh.
Oh, thank you.
Well, uh...  You're what Grammy Hall would call a real Jew.
God bless.
Yeah. Oh, God bless!
Fifteen years, yeah.
Fifteen years, huh?
'cause, uh, you never know what's gonna happen.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I see. I guess-
You know, I don't like to show my body to a man of my gender-
Oh, I see, I see.
'Cause I don't like to get naked in front of another man, you know-it's, uh...
Why not?
Me? No, no, no, 'cause I never shower in a public place.
Well, didn't you take, uh... uh, a shower at the club?
No, I know, but... but, you know, I'm all perspired and everything.
Well, I mean, you don't have to, you know.
...and... uh, yeah, uh... uh, you know, I-I-I...
Oh, really? Oh, well... uh, uh, maybe, uh, maybe, we, uh...
Yeah, it's a great story, though, I mean, I... I... it really made my day. Hey, I think I should get outta here, you know, 'cause I think I'm imposing, you know...
Narcolepsy, right, right. Right. So, anyway, so...  George, uh, went to the union, see, to get his free turkey, be-because, uh, the union always gave George this big turkey at Christmas time because he was...  shell-shocked, you know what I mean, in the First World War.  Anyway, so, so...  George is standing in line, oh, just a sec... uh, getting his free turkey, but the thing is, he falls asleep and he never wakes up. So, so...  so, he's dead ...  he's dead. Yeah. Oh, dear. Well, terrible, huh, wouldn't you say? I mean, that's pretty unfortunate.
Uh, narcolepsy.
Sadie? Oh, well, Sadie...  Sadie met Grammy through, uh, through Grammy's brother George. Uh, George was real sweet, you know, he had that thing. What is that thing where you, uh, where you, uh, fall asleep in the middle of a sentence, you know-what is it? Uh...
Well, who's Sadie?
Yeah, right, Duane-and over there is Grammy Hall, and that's Sadie.
Duane?
Oh... oh, well, you see now now, uh, that's my dad, that's Father-and that's my... brother, Duane.
Uh, I hate to tell yuh, this is nineteen seventy-five, you know that "neat" went out, I would say, at the turn of the century.  Who-who are-who are those photos on the wall?
Neat, yeah.
Neat?
Right. Well, I don't know, I mean, uh, some of her poems seem - neat, you know.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, yeah.
Interesting poetess whose tragic suicide was misinterpreted as romantic, by the college-girl mentality.
M'hm...
Sylvia Plath.
Fifteen-aw, come on, you're... yeah, really?
Yeah, uh, I'm gonna give him one more year and then I'm goin' to Lourdes.
Fifteen years?
Y-y-yeah, just for fifteen years.
Oh, you see an analyst?
Sure, I got... I got nothing, uh, nothing till my analyst's appointment.
Okay.
No, I got time.
You sure?
No, no, that'll be fine. I don't mind. Sure.
Hey, well, listen... hey, you wanna come upstairs and, uh... and have a glass of wine and something? Aw, no, I mean... I mean, you don't have to, you're probably late and everything else ...
I'll see yuh.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Well... thank you again.
Well...
Jesus, my-my grammy... n-never gave gifts, you know. She-she was too busy getting raped by Cossacks.
I know, it's pretty silly, isn't it?
Your grammy!
Yeah, I know.
You're jo- Whatta yuh kid- What did you do, grow up in a Norman Rockwell painting?
Yeah, my grammy.
Who? Grammy? Grammy Hall?
And I love what you're wearin'.
Yeah.
You're the worst driver I've ever seen in my life... that's including any place... the worst... Europe, United... any place... Asia.
Oh.
Well, thanks, thank you. You-you're a wonderful tennis player.
Yeah, thanks. Thanks a lot. Well...
You want your gear? Here you go.
Huh? Oh... yeah.
You want your tennis stuff?
Don't be funny.
That's okay, you... we-we can walk to the curb from here.
Huh? Oh, yeah.
You keep it nice.  Can I ask you, is this-is this a sandwich?
Huh?
Nice car.
Oh, right.
Yeah. I got, uh, I got a license but I have too much hostility.
Oh, you do?
Do I drive? Uh, no, I gotta-I gotta problem with driving.
Yeah... so, listen-you drive?
I'll getcha a piece.
All right.
Okay, that's good.
For yuh.
Okay.
No, no, no, no, you just... just watch the road. I'll get it-
Well, where is it? I-
No, no thanks. Hey, don't-
Uh, don't worry, I'm a very-  a very good driver.  So, listen-hey, you want some gum, anyway?
Uh, you're driving a-
Wisconsin.
Right!  Where?
No, Chippewa Falls.
I, uh... well, you're not from New York, right?
Well, I do commercials, sort of...
Oh - you're an actress.
Oh, I'm in her acting class.
So, how long do you know Janet? Where do you know her from?
Yeah.
I mean, I can go uptown, too. I live uptown, but... uh, what the hell, I mean, it'd be nice having company, you know I mean, I hate driving alone.
So sorry.
Yeah, well, I'm, but I...
Uh, well, you just said you were going downtown.
Oh, well, I'm goin' uptown, too.
Down- I'm-I'm goin' uptown.
Me? Oh, downtown!
Sure. W-w-w-which way yuh goin'?
I don't...  I don't... Geez, I don't know, I've... I wa- This... yeah, I got this VW out there...  What a jerk, yeah. Would you like a lift?
You have a car?  So...  I don't understand why... if you have a car, so then-then wh-why did you say "Do you have a car?"... like you wanted a lift?
Oh, no, I have a car.
No, um... I was gonna take a cab.
Oh, why-uh... y-y-you gotta car?
Uh... you-you wanna lift?
Oh, yeah? So do you. Oh, God, whatta-  whatta dumb thing to say, right? I mean, you say it, "You play well," and right away... I have to say well. Oh, oh... God, Annie.  Well... oh, well... la-de-da, la-de- da, la-la.
You-you play... very well.
Well, bye. She laughs and backs up slowly toward the door.
Hi. Oh, hi. Hi.
Hi. Hi, hi.
Oh, I'd say so. You married-
Well, no... not just, not only.
Oh, that's right. That you really like those New York girls.
La-de-da. If I-if anyone had ever told me that I would be taking out a girl who used expressions like "la- de-da"...
Oh, really? Well, la-de-da!
Yeah, I-I think you're pretty lucky I came along.
He was creepy.
Hey, that was last year.
Oh, come on-I mean, I was still younger.
Oh, well, let's see, there was Dennis, from Chippewa Falls High School.
Well, then, w-who was?
Oh... no, no, no, no, uh, uh. No.
So, so-well, here's what I wanna know. W-what...  Am I your first big romance?
All right, here! Oh, God, it's disgusting!
It'll make great- Alvy, be- Alvy, it'll be wonderful... Ooooh, lovely!
All right! All right! All right! All right! Whatta yuh mean? Are yuh gonna take pictures now?
Great! Great!  Goddammit!  Ooooh! These are... p-p-p-pick this lobster up. Hold it, please!
You know, I-I think... if I could pry this door off... We shoulda gotten steaks 'cause they don't have legs. They don't run around.
Yeah. I'm gonna get my... I'm gonna get my camera.
Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator. I can't get it out. This thing's heavy. Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side, you know what I mean?
All right. All right. All right.
Okay, it's in. It's definitely in the pot!
Oh, God! Here yuh go! Oh, good, now he'll think-  Aaaah! Okay.
Gimme! Gimme! Let me do it! What- what's he think we're gonna do, take him to the movies?
I can't! I can't put him in the pot. I can't put a live thing in hot water.
Talk to him. You speak shellfish!  Hey, look... put it in the pot.
Get him!
Look! Look, one crawled behind the refrigerator. It'll turn up in our bed at night.  Will you get outta here with that thing? Jesus!
Oooh! Here! Here!
Don't give it to me. Don't!
Oh, all right. All right! It's all right. Here.
If they're only babies, then you pick 'em up.
Come on, Alvy, they're only baby ones, for God's sake.
Well, maybe we should just call the police. Dial nine-one-one, it's the lobster squad.
Stop it! Don't... don't do that! There.
Look, I told you it was a... mistake to ever bring a live thing in the house.
Alvy, now don't panic. Please.
I mean, you've been married before, you know how things can get. You were very hot for Allison at first.
M'm.
I know. Well, Alvy, it'll pass, it'll pass, it's just that I'm going through a phase, that's all.
It's always some kind of an excuse. It's- You know, you used to think that I was very sexy. What... When we first started going out, we had sex constantly... We're-we're probably listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
I know, well, it's just that- you know, I mean, I-I-I-I gotta sing tomorrow night, so I have to rest my voice.
What-what-I don't... It's not natural! We're sleeping in a bed together. You know, it's been a long time.
I-you know, I don't wanna.
What-what-what-what's the matter?
Alvy, I...
Yeah, 'cause it's supposed to.
That movie makes me feel guilty.
You? You kiddin'?  If the Gestapo would take away your Bloomingdale's charge card, you'd tell 'em everything.
M'm, I don't know, sometimes I ask myself how I'd stand up under torture.
Boy, those guys in the French Resistance were really brave, you know? Got to listen to Maurice Chevalier sing so much.
Okay, I'm very sorry. My sexual problem! Okay, my sexual problem! Huh?
I-I-I mean, I'm comparatively normal for a guy raised in Brooklyn.
Oh!
Well, he's spitting on my neck! You know, he's spitting on my neck when he talks.
Stop it, Alvy!
Hey, you... everybody in line at the New Yorker has to know our rate of intercourse?
I know- because of our sexual problem, right?
You know what a hostile gesture that is to me?
The alarm clock.
How can you possibly oversleep?
I missed my therapy. I overslept.
Well, stop listening to him.
I'm-I'm-I'm gonna have a stroke.
H'h, that's a polite word for what you are.
Well, I'm sorry, I-I can't... I-I- I've gotta see a picture exactly from the start to the finish, 'cause- 'cause I'm anal.
Oh, come on, we've seen it. I'm not in the mood to see a four-hour documentary on Nazis.
I don't know now. You-you wanna go to another movie?  So let's go see The Sorrow and the Pity.
Alright. All right, all right, so whatta you wanna do?
Hey, can we not stand here and argue in front of everybody, 'cause I get embarrassed.
Look, while we're talking we could be inside, you know that?
Two hours? No, u-uh, I'm going in. I'm going in.
You wanna get coffee for two hours or something? We'll go next-
In the middle?  We'll only miss the titles. They're in Swedish.
No, I'm sorry, I can't do it. We- we've blown it already. I-you know, uh, I-I can't go in in the middle.
Two minutes, Alvy.
I'm not getting my period. Jesus, every time anything out of the ordinary happens, you think that I'm getting my period!
Hey, you are in a bad mood. You-you- you must be getting your period.
Okay.  Please, I have a headache, all right?
Deal! I'm dealing with two guys named Cheech!
You're gonna hafta learn to deal with it.
Bad mood? I'm standing with the cast of "The Godfather."
Alright, alright, I'm in a bad mood, okay?
I-i-i-i-it's all right, fellas.  Jesus, what'd you do, come by way of the Panama Canal?
Right. Tsch, well, I have to-I have t-o go now, Duane, because I-I'm due back on the planet earth.
I tell you this because, as an artist, I think you'll understand. Sometimes when I'm driving... on the road at night... I see two headlights coming toward me. Fast. I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly, head-on into the oncoming car. I can anticipate the explosion.  The sound of shattering glass. The... flames rising out of the flowing gasoline.
Can I confess something?
Oh, yeah?  Terrific.
This is my room.
Oh, hi, Duane, how's it goin'?
Alvy.
Tell the folks where you are today, Donald.
Why couldn't you have been more like Donald?  Now, there was a model boy!
I did.
Six-year-old boys don't have girls on their minds.
Why, I was just expressing a healthy sexual curiosity.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
What'd I do?
Step up here!
What'd I do?
Well, I'm-I'm gonna take another in a series of cold showers.
Where are you going?
Jesus!
Oswald and ghosts.
Bad?
I have a headache.
Oh, you got a headache!
My head is throbbing.
What-
I can't.
Hey, come on, it's quiet now. We can- we can start again.
Okay, okay, my analyst just thinks I'm too tense. Where's the goddamn Valium?
Well, I can't li- We can't have this discussion all the time. The country makes me nervous. There's... You got crickets and it-it's quiet... there's no place to walk after dinner, and... uh, there's the screens with the dead moths behind them, and... uh, yuh got the-the Manson family possibly, yuh got Dick and Terry-
I'm too tense. I need a Valium. My analyst says I should live in the country and not in New York.
Jesus, last night it was some guy honking his car horn. I mean, the city can't close down. You know, what-whatta yuh gonna do, h-have 'em shut down the airport, too? No more flights so we can have sex?
Dammit! I was so close.
Don't get upset!
Oh, I'm sorry!
There are people out there from The New Yorker magazine. My God! What would they think?
"Why-why do you always r-reduce my animal urges to psychoanalytic categories?  he said as he removed her brassiere..."
Alvy, don't! You're using sex to express hostility.
What's fascinating is that it's physical. You know, it's one thing about intellectuals, they prove that you can be absolutely brilliant and have no idea what's going on. But on the other hand...  the body doesn't lie, as-as we now know.
Alvy, what is so fascinating about a group of pituitary cases trying to stuff the ball through a hoop?
Hey, you wouldn't believe this. Two minutes ago, the Knicks are ahead fourteen points, and now...  they're ahead two points.
Here you are. There's people out there.
No jokes-these are friends, okay?
Oh, really, I heard that Commentary and Dissent had merged and formed Dysentery.
Commentary.
I'm so tired of spending evenings making fake insights with people who work for Dysentery.
Is that Paul Goodman? No. And be nice to the host because he's publishing my book. Hi, Doug! Douglas Wyatt. "A Foul-Rag-and-Bone Shop-of- the-Heart."
'Cause I wanna watch the Knicks on television.
Why are you so hostile?
Yeah, two more chairs and they got a dining-room set.
Uh, oh, I don't know. It might have been Leopold and Loeb.  Hello. Oh, hi... Uh, no, what-what's the matter? What-what-what? You sound terrible... No, what- Sure I- Whatta yuh what kind of an emergency?... No, well, stay there. Stay there, I'll come over right now. I'll come over right now.  Just stay there, I'll come right over.
Who said that?
I think-I think there's too much burden placed on the orgasm, you know, to make up for empty areas in life.
I mean that as a compliment.
Oh, tsch, thank you. H'm.
Oh, sex with you is really a kafkaesque experience.
Oh, no, no, don't be... tsch... don't be silly. You know,  I'm startin' it-I'm startin' to get some feeling back in my jaw now.
I hope you don't mind that I took so long to finish.
Yeah, were yuh? I was-I was at an Alice Cooper thing where six people were rushed to the hospital with bad vibes.
It's unbelievably trans-plendid! I was at the Stones concert in Altamount when they killed that guy, remember?
I can't get with any religion that advertises in Popular Mechanics. Look-  there's God coming outta the men's room.
Yeah.
Are you?
I'm a Rosicrucian myself.
Really? It must be a tremendous hem.
He's God! I mean, this man is God! He's got millions of followers who would crawl all the way across the world just to touch the hem of his garment.
I can think of another word.
The only word for this is trans- plendid. It's trans-plendid.
Tsch, a few.
You have a raccoon?
Me? No, no. I-I couldn't make it that ni- My-my raccoon had hepatitis.
You catch Dylan?
Man, that's great. That's just great.
Tell him.
Oh.
Well, that's funny, because I happen to have Mr. McLuhan right here. So... so, here, just let me- I mean, all right. Come over here... a second.
Yes.
Oh, do yuh?
Wait a minute! Really? Really? I happen to teach a class at Columbia called "TV Media and Culture"! So I think that my insights into Mr. McLuhan- well, have a great deal of validity.
I mean, d- He can give you- Do you hafta give it so loud? I mean, aren't you ashamed to pontificate like that? And- and the funny part of it is, M- Marshall McLuhan, you don't know anything about Marshall McLuhan's... work!
Wait a minute, why can't I give my opinion? It's a free country!
...as opposed to a print...
What I wouldn't give for a large sock o' horse manure.
It's the influence of television. Yeah, now Marshall McLuhan deals with it in terms of it being a-a high, uh, high intensity, you understand?  A hot medium... as opposed to a...
I never read that. That was-that was Henry James, right? Novel, uh, the sequel to Turn of the Screw? My Sexual...
Probably met by answering an ad in the New York Review of Books. "Thirtyish academic wishes to meet woman who's interested in Mozart, James Joyce and sodomy."  Whatta you mean, our sexual problem?
It's a narrow view.
Probably on their first date, right?
I'd like to hit this guy on a gut level.
It's like Samuel Beckett, you know- I admire the technique but he doesn't... he doesn't hit me on a gut level.
What are you depressed about?
without getting... well, let's put it this way...
Key word here is "indulgent."
Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or Satyricon, I found it incredibly... indulgent. You know, he really is. He's one of the most indulgent film makers. He really is-
He's screaming his opinions in my ear.
You know, it must need to have had its leading from one thought to another. You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I love it there.
Uh, you guys are still-uh, you're still New Yorkers.
Right before his un-American thing.
Hey.
Charlie Chaplin.
Trigger.
This is a great house, really. Everything. Saunas, Jacuzzis, three tennis courts. You know who the original owners were? Nelson Eddy, then Legs Diamond. Then you know who lived here?
This is, uh, Shawn, and, uh... Bob and Petronia.
Thank you very much. It's a pleasure.
You stopped smoking sixteen years ago, is that what you said? Oh, I-I don't understand. Are you joking, or what?
Mean?
Whatta you mean?
Sixteen years ago.
Oh, when'd you quit smoking?
I'm not myself since I stopped smoking.
What are you making such a big deal about?  They're only lobsters. Look, you're a grown man, you know how to pick up a lobster.
Since you put it that way.  It's hard for me to refuse.  ...have a, I have a terrific problem with authority, you know. I'm... it's not your fault. Don't take it personal.
Just give me the license, please.
Pick up the license. You have to ask nicely 'cause I've had an extremely rough day. You know, my girl friend-
Don't give me your life story  just pick up the license.
Sure.  just don't-don't get angry, you know what I mean? 'Cause I-I have - I have my-my license here. You know, it's a rented car. And I've...
May I see your license, please?
Officer, I know what you're gonna say. I'm-I'm not a great driver, you know, I-I have some problems with- with-with-
Keeps out the alpha rays, Max. You don't get old.
Max, are we driving through plutonium?
Oh, I did Shakespeare in the Park, Max. I got mugged. I was playing Richard the Second and two guys with leather jackets stole my leotard.
You're an actor, Max. You should be doing Shakespeare in the Park.
Twins, Max. Sixteen-year-olds. Can you imagine the mathematical possibilities?
Yeah. I had the feeling that I got you at a bad moment. You know, I heard high-pitched squealing.
Imagine my surprise when I got your call, Max.
We're gonna operate together.
Uri Geller must be on the premises someplace.
Yeah. Right.
Hey, you guys are wearin' white. It must be in the stars.
Hi. How do you do.
No, no, I came out here to get some shock therapy, but there was an energy crisis, so I... He's my-my food taster. Have you two met?
Oh, he-he didn't say anything.
I'll handle it. I'll handle it. Hi.
If she comes over here, Max, my brain is going to turn into guacamole.
Yeah, intensive care ward.  My God-hey, Max, I think she's... I think she's giving me the eye.
And I think they just came back from Masters and Johnson.
How do you like this couple, Max?
And... uh-
M'hm.
Yeah, you're used to the kind with the- with the shopping bags walking through Central Park with the surgical masks on muttering.
There are no twos, Max.
Yeah, she's a ten, Max, and that's great for you because you're-you're used to twos, aren't you?
Visible panty line. Max, she is gorgeous.
V.P.L.?
The one with the V.P.L.
Where?
Oh, no, no, that's bullshit, Max. He goes with that girl over there.
I think he has a little thing for Annie.
What difference does that make?
Whee, you shoulda told me it was Tony Lacey's party.
I even brought a road map to get us to the bathroom.
M'hm.
You like this house, Max?
Oh, Max... no, I maybe I better lie down.
How about a ginger ale?
No, no-my, you know, my stomach felt queasy all morning. I just started getting...
You wanna lie down?
I don't know, I mean, I-
You all right?
Oh, Jesus.
Well, sit down.
I don't know, I just got-I got very dizzy...  I feel dizzy, Max.
What's the matter?
Yeah, well, that's why this machine is dynamite.
Great, but nobody laughs at it 'cause your jokes aren't funny.
We do the show live in front of an audience.
Look, uh...
Give me a tremendous laugh here, Charlie.
Yeah, I know; but you're adding fake laughs.
Max, I've got a hit series.
Do you realize how immoral this all is?
Look, now, Charlie, give me a big laugh here.
Oh.
While you're out here, Max, I want you to see some of my TV show. And we're invited to a big Christmas party.
There's no economic crime, you know, but there's-there's ritual, religious- cult murders, you know, there's wheat- germ killers out here.
Max, there's no crime, there's no mugging.
Right-well, Santa Claus will have sunstroke.
Yeah, and always over the most ridiculous things.
What kind of good memories, Max? Your mother and father fighting all the time.
I have some very good memories there.
Yeah, well, I used to lose my glasses a lot.
Yes, I remember.  He was all schoolyard. They threw him a football once, he tried to dribble it.
Right. I was a great athlete. Tell her, Max, I was the best, I was all schoolyard.
We can show her the schoolyard.
Yeah, the neighborhood's gonna be great.
You'll total the whole car.
Yeah, watch the road!
Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college...
Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun.
Don't you see? The rest of the country looks upon New York like we're-we're left-wing Communist, Jewish, homosexual, pornographers. I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here.
No, no, no, Max, that's a very convenient out. Every time some group disagrees with you it's because of anti-Semitism.
But the- I'm not discussing politics or economics. This is foreskin.
Max, the city is terribly worried.
Right, right, so g-get back to what we were discussing, the failure of the country to get behind New York City is-is anti-Semitism.
Max, my serve is gonna send yuh to the showers-
I'm gonna meet her in front of the Beekman. I think I have a few minutes left. Right?
Right, Max, forget it. Aren't you gonna be late for meeting Annie?
No, I cannot. You keep bringing it up, but I don't wanna live in a city where the only cultural advantage is that you can make a right turn on a red light.
We move to sunny L.A. All of show business is out there, Max.
Forget it, Max.
Let's get the hell outta this crazy city.
Ah.
Right, Max. California, Max.
No, I don't! You know, I was in a record store. Listen to this- so I know there's this big tall blond crew-cutted guy and he's lookin' at me in a funny way and smiling and he's saying, "Yes, we have a sale this week on Wagner." Wagner, Max, Wagner- so I know what he's really tryin' to tell me very significantly Wagner.
Why, Max? It's a good name for you. Max, you see conspiracies in everything.
Stop calling me Max.
Ah, Max, you, uh...
Wh- How am I a paran-? Well, I pick up on those kind o' things. You know, I was having lunch with some guys from NBC, so I said... uh, "Did you eat yet or what?" and Tom Christie said, "No, didchoo?" Not, did you, didchoo eat? Jew? No, not did you eat, but Jew eat? Jew. You get it? Jew eat?
Alvy, you're a total paranoid.
No, I'm not. We were walking off the tennis court, and you know, he was there and me and his wife, and he looked at her and then they both looked at me, and under his breath he said, "Jew."
You're crazy!
I distinctly heard it. He muttered under his breath, "Jew."
She's a colored woman, from Harlem!
How can we afford it? On your pay? What if she steals more?
All right-so we can afford it.
Who's persecuting? She stole!
They're persecuted enough!
She was going through my pocketbook!
So the colored have enough trouble.
SO?
But she's colored.
She was stealing.
You fired the cleaning woman?
Di-diabetes? Is that any excuse? Diabetes?
His wife has diabetes!
Let 'im drop dead! Who needs his business?!
Hey, listen-I mean, he was a terrific actor, and look at him, he's neat- looking and he was emotional... Y- hey, I don't think you like emotion too much.
Heavy! Eaten by some squirrels.
Well, yeah, you always look pretty, but that guy with you...
I look pretty.
Look at you, you-you're such a clown.
Then there was Jerry, the actor.
Oh, I can imagine. P-p-probably the wife of an astronaut.
Oh, God, you should've seen what I looked like then.
Dennis-right, uh, uh... local kid probably, would meetcha in front of the movie house on Saturday night.
If only I didn't feel guilty asking Annie to move out. It'd probably wreck her. But I should be honest.
If only I had the nerve to break up, but it would really hurt him.
I'll have the usual trouble with Annie in bed tonight. Whatta I need this?
I have to face facts. I-I adore Alvy, but our relationship doesn't seem to work anymore.
Lotta beautiful women. It was fun to flirt.
That was fun. I don't think California is bad at all. It's a drag coming home.
I just have time to get the, uh-
M'mmm.
We're going to take them to the airport.
You think so? Do you really?
Oh, he's adorable, Annie.
No.
Now, don't let it be so long, now.
Yes, I do.
Oh, you remember her, Annie.
Oh, yes, that's right. Did you see the new play?
Oh, yes, yes.
Oh, that Randolph Hunt. You remember Randy Hunt, Annie. He was in the choir with you.
We really had a good time.
We went over to the swap meet. Annie, Gram and I. Got some nice picture frames.
And here, you just-
Yeah.
It could be freezing, it could be raining.
Yeah.
Oh, and there's another thing about New York. See... you-you wanna see a movie, you have to stand in a long line.
Yeah.
Well, I used to live there. I used to live there for years. You know, but it's gotten-it's so dirty now.
Yeah.
I don't know. I don't know.
You can have it to use. Why-why are you smiling?
Oh yeah, stay here? U-huh.
There's a whole wing in this house.
Oh.
Just... that's all you need. You can come and stay here.
I don't know, this is strange to me, you know.
We just need about six weeks, in about six weeks we could cut a whole album.
I really enjoyed it.  Nice to have metcha. Good night.
Oh, gosh.
It was a wonderful set.
Oh.
Maybe if you're on the Coast, we'll get together and... and we'll meet there.
Hey-
Oh, well, I-if it's inconvenient, eh, we can't do it now... that's fine, too. W-w-w-we'll do it another time.
And we could just sit and talk... nothing. Uh, not a big deal, it's just relax, just be very mellow.
Yeah.
Uh... w-we're going back to the Pierre. We're staying at the Pierre... and we're gonna meet Jack and Angelica, and have a drink there, and... if you'd like to come, uh, we'd love to have you.
No, I don't-I don't know, but I-I know your work. I'm a big fan of yours.
Well, hey, that's, that's nice. Uh. Oh, listen, this is, uh, Alvy Singer. Do you know Alvy? Uh... and... uh... Tony Lacey.
...of possibly working together.
Oh. What about?
Uh, well, I'd like to talk to you about that sometime, if you get a chance.
No, no, no, not at all.
Are you... are you recording? Or do- Are you with any label now?
Oh, neat... oh, that's very nice, gosh, thanks a lot.
I though it was... very musical, and I liked it a lot.
Oh, yeah, really, oh!
Uh, we just wanted to stop by and say that we really enjoyed your sets.
Well, hi!
Hi, I'm-I'm Tony Lacey.
Oh.
Oh, I was quite a lively dancer.
There were many men interested in you?
I was very charming.
Uh, how did this personality come about?
I was a great beauty.
Tessie, they say you were the sister with personality.
You should talk to Mr. Joe.
Did you see permits?  Did he have a license?
To code?
It's the way they do things.
Was it a contractor?
Very well.
Did you know the contractor?
Oh yes.
So you were here when they were doing the work on the boundary fence?
A long time.
How long have you worked for the Therrians?
One guess.
Like you didn't know.  Who invited the bimbo?
You're fucking desperate.
Oh I think he's cute.  How's the marriage part working out?
You don't want that.  It's married and it's the neighbor.
Anouk isn't like a dog, really.  More like a small person.  So is there anyone here for me?  No one looks new.  Who's that?
Would it make a difference?
You're not upset that I brought the dog?
I hate the sight of blood.  You guys don't take prisoners.
Why didn't you come in?
Ten, fifteen minutes ago.
A triumph.  When did you get here?
So who won?
Five years ago, I was at the party, remember?
You've got a lot of fucking gall.  Thirty nine.
Scratch the two, write in a four.
Scratch the two, write in a four.
Leo.  Leo's twenty-eight, Cal.
I have a small window of time.
October-ish.
Well, I can't make any promises, and of course I haven't read the script but I loved the novel...when are you shooting?
Leo?  It was out to Jude Law.  Jude passed.
Any thoughts on casting yet?
Leo?
Hey, listen, I love her.  She's Sophia's best friend.  I never said any of this, alright.  I'll deny it on the stand...  You guys are gonna have kids.  That is so great.  Maybe that's what this is all about.  Maybe she doesn't want to do this anymore.  You know adults don't do this for a living.  You guys are gonna have your kids, you'll be directing -- one asshole in the family is enough.  Sophia knew that intuitively.  Look at Clair. Clair's a mess.  Make sure she gets the epidural.  Forget that natural childbirth shit. Everything's going to be what it's supposed to be.  "Life is but a walking shadow.  A poor player who struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more..." And speaking of me, the role of Leo in your film?
What?
Mac's a pretty great director, Joe.  He's a woman's director.  And nothing's happening.  Course he won't fire her, because of the friendship... But it was discussed.  He had to battle his studio to get her in the first place.
I still think she sails above the rest. I mean not like her early films.  But those were all such great directors.
And, you know it isn't rocket science, this script.  She can barely get the lines out.  There was a scene last week - she sobbed, through every take.  I know crying's easy for her but it's a fucking comedy, Joe.  Something's gone.  You know, that thing that was Sally - that always surprised you.  It's gone.  I think she's scared.  And that's death.
Who, Sally?
I don't know what's going on.  I don't care to guess.  Mac's really unhappy. She isn't there, that's all.  She's no idea what she's playing, not a clue.
Oh, she's really enjoying it.  I think. Is Mac okay?
The movie.
No, what?
Poor Mac.  It's been a bit of a struggle. I'm sure Sally's told you.
With great tits.  I'm going to ask her if I can touch them.
The camera loves her.  A great actress.
Yeah, God she really does have great tits, great tits.  i can't wait to work with her.
Absolutely.  And she's got great tits.
Yeah, I know... But she's only twenty seven and...  The wisdom.  She's an old soul.  She knew that Shostakovich thing.  Did you notice?
And you've only just met.
She's a constant surprise.
She's got great tits.
Isn't Skye amazing?
And how's the diva doing?
It's going.  It's going.
Why last?
Can we... one at a time?  Hold it down, and one at a time.  You're last, Cal.
The neighbors from hell.  The kind that lay in wait.  I'd rather move actually. Wouldn't I?  Wouldn't I?
What's that?
I'm not that good.
It has your ring.
Absolutely not.
Had a little help?
Absolutely.
Jack.  Did you compose that yourself?
I'll be fine.  Really babe.  Give me a minute.
Honey?
I...wait, what are you talking about?
What what's about?
You're coming swimming in the pool, and in a few minutes you won't even remember what it's about.  You won't care who's in your damn movie.
I don't know how to make her funny.
Things always look much worse in the morning.
Or I won't.  I can't help her.  I'm out of my depth.
How nice for everybody.  Come swimming. The water's glorious.  You'll fix it.  You'll come up with one of your brilliant ideas.
You don't have any clothes on.
It's always not this time.  If you can do it around me, you can do it around anyone.
Not this time.
You can cut around it, whatever it is. You always do.
I'm in mourning.
Mac?  Oh there you are.  What are you doing, honey?  No more work.  Don't you feel breezy.
It's an object lesson in grace.  Wow!  Look who's here before me!  My leading man is on time for once.
So they tell me.  Not soon enough, of course.  How are you, Sal?  You look fantastic. It changes your life, you know.  A baby. It puts everything in perspective, doesn't it.  Doesn't it, Mac?  You can't be the center of your own world, anymore.
It's alright, isn't it?
She already has.
My God, your wardrobe is incredible.  It took me forever to decide.  Oh, and I found Dr. X, thank you.  You saved my life.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
It's not going to come up.
Just don't fucking tell her.
You need to knock off the pills, Clair.
You know Sophia.  She's so damned judgemental.  And she's so damned... perfect.  And so fucking... serene.  Just fucking don't tell her.  Because you know Mac thinks she's God.  And I can feel him comparing.
Why would she care?
I'd love a Xanex.  Sally, please don't tell Sophia that I'm not breast feeding.
You want a Tylenol, or something?
And the doctor said they might make me a little jumpy.  I've got a ghastly headache, actually.
I'd say it was down.
I'm fine.  I'm fine.  Well, I'm a little stressed.  And I've been taking pills to get my weight down since the baby.
Whatever you like.  I'm afraid it'll all be too big for you.  Are you alright, Clair?
I'll change back before we leave.
Borrow whatever you like.
It sounds hysterical, but Otis just rubbed up against me and I'd kind of like to change into something of yours.  You know it could be disaster.  He's so allergic.  It's terrifying.
Oh.
They can tell from the eyelashes, you know?  He's got eyelashes yay long.  They must be a foot long.  The older you are when you have a baby, the more likely this stuff is to crop up.
Well, probably.
Didn't I say?
Oh.
To dander.  Otis.
Oh.
He's allergic.
Why didn't you bring him?
What?
Why didn't you bring him?
This is Monica and Ryan.  Mac and Clair.
I'm not.
Of course.
What a fucking day!  We only just got a sitter.  I don't know her from fucking Adam.  She could be a serial killer.  I'm going to have to call every ten minutes. You have to let me give out the number.
Oh my God, the sitter.
Let's get the kids.
I can't think how you gave it all up, Soph.
Are you the funniest person I know, or what?
Pictures.  They're always in my tote.  I left my tote in the damn trailer.  But! He's Mac all over again.  Imagine Mac shrunk to two-and-a-half feet.  The fact is they probably didn't even need me for this birth.
Oh.  Do you have any pictures?
Dander.  He's allergic.  Otis.
You should have brought him.
So this sitter can always reach me.  I'm still not used to leaving him.
What is that thing?
With a sitter.  We have a sensational sitter.  Jonah's really comfortable with her.  You know, a second mom sort of. Like part of the family.  Amazing with kids.
So where is young Jonah?
Really?
Not for a second.  Cal can have all that.
Really.
Never.
Don't you miss it?
I'm glad that's all over for me.
You think so!?  I've been working out a lot since the baby. And I've been working.  And that takes it's toll, you know.
You look so well, Clair.  A wraith.
Count on it.
Take good care of it.
Damn straight.
It's not a contest.
And you're not the wife.
Jesus, Sally.  I'm not the enemy.
Well you could tell him otherwise.  It was good of you to be all this help.  But he doesn't want to go tonight.
I told his father he'd be on that flight.
He's not going tonight.
Is he not going?  I booked a flight.
Yeah.
He's gonna miss his flight.
I love her too, Joe.
Would you leave us alone right now?
Happy anniversary.  You're a good match, you two.  Can you help me with this stuff?
Thanks for coming.
I've booked you a flight and packed you a bag.  You just need to get into a car and go.
Leave us alone right now.
You need to call your dad.
Fuck you.
She left a note.
Stupid tart.
She's in ICU.
But she's alright.
Lucy overdosed.
And?
Harry called.
The suspense is killing me.
Let's go upstairs, okay?
What is it?
I love you, Joe Therrian.
So?
Escape hatch.  And Dad was having a go about the garden.  Something was misplanted...
Escape hatch.
You really need to be fucked.
Yeah, but I hear she gives a mean blow job.
I should have damn well bought it.  Well, we can't afford it.  The movie's going to eat up a year of my life and I'm getting paid next to nothing.  Do you know how much Skye Davidson's getting?  Four million.
In Cheyene Walk?  Lucy's going to have a meltdown.  Oh, I'm so sorry.
Shit, I forgot to call her back.  She's off on a trip somewhere.  Oh God, my grandad's flat in London's been sold.
I saw Lucy when I was in London, she seems okay.  It's hard to tell with her.
Oh, very jealous.
When does he graduate high school?
Just did.  Jealous?
Ow!  Gina, you obviously need to get fucked.
It must be nice having so many strangers kiss your ass all of a sudden.
I'm not so sure.  Look again in three months.
Directing suits you.
Please?
Sally?
Can I open it?
What a nose.  You missed your calling.
That for us?
No, not anymore.  Happy anniversary, scout.
Anymore.
I never put myself in harm's way.
Fuck you.
I'm the hired help.
You have?
We've heard lots about you.
Excuse me?
Oh.  You're them.
We live next door.
And you know our friends, how?
Monica.
Let me.  I'm Jeffrey.
They didn't sign their goddamn tax returns!
Not as a rule.
Hm.  Do you like fucking out of doors?
Hm.  You think we should ask them for their landscaper?
Just every once in a blue moon, you know.
Hm.  We should do it again.
Damn near.  And a damn near perfect drug.
A perfect night.
I call that a perfect day.
Oh Jesus oh Jesus oh Jesus.
Let me heal you, baby.
Oh yeah?
Oh yeah... I'm gonna save you.
Oh yeah...
Do you want me to save you?  Do you want me to save you?
Are you my big hard hero?
You're crazy baby.  I love you.
Are you my big brave boy?  Are you my brave hero?
Forget it, Judy.
There's a test, you know.
Well it's fucking time.
Ya Vhol.  What are you, a fucking Nazi?
Time.  Hey!  Time.  Judy!  Time you guys. Hey!!
Nice to meet you.
Cal, my wife Judy.
You have to sign your taxes anyway.
I know we're early, we're so early. Sorry.
So, you've got lifeguard papers, or what?
Probably not.
I'm fine, babe.  I'm gonna take a little walk.  I need a minute.  Let's forget it. My life didn't pass in front of my eyes. So, it probably wasn't that close.
Yeah, thanks pal.
Anytime, sport.
Hey.  Thanks, buddy.
Give him a minute, Clair.
I'm fine, babe.
Man, I must really be stoned.  Thanks, buddy.
He's okay, Clair.  You wanna give him a little room?
Are you always this much fun?
I don't think so.
It was fifteen seconds.
Hey!  Would you?
Go.
Ryan's novel?
Ryan's novel.
What was it?  What the fuck was it?
I'm ready.
Take your time, Jer.
Beats a lawsuit.
How much bowing and scraping do you want us to do?
Just do what I say, alright?
You're out of your mind.
Before I forget.  Put it on the bookshelf.
Scout's honor.
Did he promise?
Yes.
Did you tell Joe to behave?
Whatever you say.
That was the plan.  And you're thrilled to have them.
The Roses?  And of course they said yes.
Did you invite them?
We'll be fine.
There's still time to undo this.
He gets huge advances on his novels. He's going back to that.  You know how he hates it here.
They're paying him scale.
He's directing now.
Not millions.
Whatever you say.  Listen, I love you.
We couldn't be on more solid ground.
I worry because you don't.  It's my job. I'm feeling guilty.  I would've liked it if you waited until the two of you were on more solid ground.
Well, you're a tower of support.
You only made half your quote this year.
We've only been over this how many times?
What you earn has to double in order to cover expenses in London, it's an outrageously expensive city.
I know.  I know that.  Don't spoil it.
The realtor'll be here tomorrow in the morning.  The house had to go on the market to insure the loan on the London flat.
I adore him.
I suppose.  Sally, that's quite a gift. I'm not sure it's in your best interest.
I love you, you're a genius.
Joe officially owns No. 4, Cheyenne Walk, Chelsea, London, England.  No small doing.
Fantastic.  Out here.
We closed.
Sure.
Will you make love with me?
I know.
Oh, Sally Mae...
They're the keys to your grandad's flat. Happy anniversary, baby.
Ah...
I know.  It's for the baby's crib.
He's my favorite.
I know.
It's a Calder.
Happy anniversary.
Me too.
That's under lock and key.
Me too.
Life gets messy.  Ugly messy.  But I don't understand you.  And I don't think I ever understood Lucy.  I don't understand throwing it away.  How do you throw all that away?  Any of it.  I want it all.  You guys want guarantees?  I want the possibilities.  And all kinds of crap comes with that.  A lot of bad shit. And I think that's okay with me because, because of the rest of the stuff.  All the good shit.  All the surprises.  It's a fucking miracle when you come down to it.  We'd have had amazing children, you and me.  We'd have had a ride.  You'd have surprised yourself.  I'll never love anybody else, you know.
I guess.
Pretty much a disaster, tonight, wasn't it?
Okay.
No.
You don't have to.
I don't want to go tonight.
I'll be with you.
I can't got tonight.  I don't want to be on a plane on my own tonight.
Everybody hates the messenger.
Alright, good.  Thanks for your trouble. So will you leave Sally and me alone right now?
I have no idea who you are.
I know.
I'll never forgive you.
Yes.
I wasn't part of that picture at all, was I?  I wasn't part of that decision.  Did I occur to you at all?  It's a fucking farce.  It's a fucking farce.  How long did you think you could keep it going. You're amazing.  Do you have any idea what you've done to us?
Don't make allowances.  I'll never be ready.  Some people just shouldn't have children.  I'd be a terrible fucking mother, Joe.  I did want it for us.  But I couldn't do it.  I don't really think I can do it.
You're not ready.
I'm a monster.  Exactly.
What?!  You aborted our child?!
You think this was to hurt you?!  My God, Joe.  It isn't about you.
I wanted you back.
You changed your mind.
I told you when we met I never wanted children.  I don't want kids in my life. We talked about it.  You weren't listening.
Don't do this!
I found out I was pregnant and it scared the shit out of me.
Don't do this.
I had an abortion two weeks ago.
Don't push me away.
Don't.
This is insanity.  Sally...
Anyone else?
Sally, for Christ's sake.
Cal, too?
Mac?  Mac says it?  Cal?
Your director and your co-star of your current movie.  Don't dish if you can't take it, Sally.
Who?  Who?  Who thinks that?
Okay.  If we could've, by some miracle, stripped ten years off your face, still couldn't have got the thing made. Because I don't mean anything as a director, and your name doesn't mean fuck all anymore.  And the people that can hire you are afraid to, because they think you're phoning it in.  That you don't have... Oh Christ, Sally.
Not really.  I mean your books have always been pop, but this is the shallowest of the bunch.  That's what all our friends think, anyway.
Well there you go.  I let you off the hook.  You're one goddamn lucky actress.
It's a shit novel anyway.
Sally, I have never considered you for this part because you are too old to play it.  And you are out of touch with reality if you think differently.
I don't look my age, Joe.
Hello?  Last birthday was?
What are you saying?
Who the fuck do you think you are?  The part of Genna is not just about you. It's about every woman I've ever loved in my entire life.  Including my mother. The character is also clearly in her early twenties, Sally.
About me!
It's a novel.
And how fucking dare you cast Skye Davidson in that part?  Have you any idea how humiliating that is for me?  I'm an actress!  It's about our marriage for fuck's sake.  Everybody knows that...
Right.  And when was the last time you spoke to her?
Every novel I've had published in every language I've dedicated to Lucy.
It is true.  You know how you love, Joe? You dedicate a book to someone.
That is not true.
You want to talk about bullshit?  Lucy called you three times this week.  She's a fucking mess, Joe.  Your sister is a fucking mess.  She needs you.  I talk to her more than you do.
Sally, first of all, you're talking bullshit.  And second...
You've been through it.  That's how you love people.  When it's easy for you, when it's convenient for you.
Just stop right there, Sally.  We've been through this.
And how hard it hit?
DO I want anyone else?  No.  Do I want to be with you for the rest of my natural life?  I'm trying.
It's not like this all the time.
That hasn't the first fucking thing to do with love.  It's whether we can live together... like this!  All the time.
You walked out on a five year marriage.
Love?
I'm not sure we understand that word in the same way.
Otis!
Otis!  Come!  Good boy!  Come!
Sally, so I took a few pills.  I went out dancing.  I tried to forget how upset I was about splitting up with you.  I haven't lied to you.  I told you about the people I've slept with.  I just didn't mention the few occasions I took drugs because you're so fucking judgmental I knew I'd never hear the end of it, and you have so little faith and so little trust in me.  Sally, we're back, I love you.  Trust that.  Please let's not do this.
What else don't I know about, Joe?  Let's get really clear here.
Rave parties?!  That's so typical - you would think it was called rage.  Perfect!
Yeah, let's talk about that.  You seem to be rather an expert.  I don't remember in the last five months of counselling your ever mentioning ecstacy or going to rage parties.
Jesus, Sally.  You are a medical miracle. The only person who's ever taken ecstacy and become angrier.
Oh fuck you, and fuck Monica while you're at it.  But I guess that's what I interrupted.
Well someone clearly let him out before Monica opened the gate.
It was done.  When Sophia put the kids to bed, America brought Otis in the room and closed the door.  It was done.
This is a nightmare.  We should have kept him upstairs.
Otis, good boy, come here.  Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.
Otis!!!!
Otis!!!!
Or shitty!!  Otis!!
Fuck you.
Sally, calm down.  We're not going to find him any quicker by you being hysterical.
There are fucking coyotes out there.
He'll find his way back.
Can't have gone far?  He's like a greyhound.  He could be miles away.
Well he can't have gone far.
She left the fucking gate open.
Listen to yourself...  Don't worry, it's alright.  We'll find him.  What's wrong with you?
Don't be so sure.
Oh for fuck's sake.  Nobody uses that gate.
Someone left the goddamn gate open.  Otis got out.  Skye and I, well the... I came out of the house and the fucking gate was wide open.
I'm worried about my spine.  I'm very worried about my brain and my spine.
I think we should all take it tonight. Everyone's staying, stays.  No driving. That's the rule.  I love you Sally-Mae. You're going to have a fabulous time.
It's ecstasy, Sal.
Dolphins.  Great.
Whatever!  You know how he gets.  Well, he went absolutely bonkers.  Lucy and I were frantically trying to scramble into the dumb waiter and I didn't fit any more. It was almost fatal.  And that, my dear friends, is the day...
Not properly watered.
I'm not fucking angry, for God's sake.
Dinner.  Don't be angry.
Truce.
Truce?
Okay, knock it off.
You've got Cal.  You've got Gina.  You've got Skye?  We're the leftovers.
It's an unfair advantage.
Panes is not on your team anymore.
Still champions.
It's alright.  Be our guests.
Two minutes.
It's taken care of.
Well, not yet.  The gate was open?
Okay.  Last one to find Otis is a smelly old bum.
Yes.
Who'd like to go and find Otis?
In the kitchen.
And Joe's huge in Europe.  He's like a rock star in London.  His novels sell millions.
Otis!  No barking!
You can never be too early or too thin.
Of course we do.  We have to sign our taxes.
I'll say as little as possible.
Promise you'll be nice to the neighbors.
Really?
I can't imagine anyone else playing Genna.
I'm going to throw up.
I'm looking forward to meeting you, too. And Skye, I'm thrilled that you're willing to take this leap with me. Eternally grateful, really.
Skye!  I'm so glad you're able to make it...it's our sixth, actually.  You read the book again?  Well, no, the ending to chapter six...it's just that it's not filmic. We tried it in an earlier draft, but, it just wasn't filmic... Well, sure, we can absolutely look at that again.  If you're coming from Laurel, you want to take Sunset west, we're just past Will Rogers State Park.  Three blocks west of that, you want to hang right.  It's about three quarters of a mile up a big white thing on the left.
And she's a stinking fucking actress, for fuck's sake.
No, no of course not.  How old is she? Twenty-fucking-two?
You want me to uninvite her?
No, no of course not.  It's Skye fucking Davidson, for fuck's sake.
She goes on location tomorrow.  Sally, I'm sorry.  Look, I can't keep her on hold.
You invited her to our anniversary party? I didn't even invite my mother.
Okay.  I'm sorry, look, I meant to tell you.  It was the only chance I had to meet her.
They can't find a sitter...  Hello?  Excuse me?  Yes, uh, hold on.  Just a moment.  It's Skye Davidson.  She needs directions to the house.  You invited Skye fucking Davidson to our anniversary party?
What?
Well, it might be Clair.  They're threatening not to come...
Don't get it.
For good.
I mean, you're really back.
We're great.
I missed all of you.  We're okay, aren't we?
No.  I missed that.
No.  Did you?
You didn't kiss anyone else's knees, did you?
What?
Not.
Through the sweats or not?
Kiss the back of my knees.
In the morning, after everyone's gone and there's just us.
What did you get me?
I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world.
Accept a compliment.
Hardly...
I love you.  Most beautiful woman in the world.
Happy anniversary.
Happy anniversary, baby.
Oh, well, we'll just have to try again. Sound like a plan?
No luck.
I'll do it.
Sure.
Coffee?
Come on, Panes...
What's a sign for that?
She'll never call again.  She called last week to tell me she'll never call again. Where's Sally?
Has she called?
Oh, you know, I am.
Panes!  How are you?
It's Jerry's worst idea.
Ours.
He's the best dog in the world.  They're both coming tonight.  Not my idea.
The infamous dog?
Mmm hmmm.
And so I always manage to, do you see? Like the book/script thing, do you see?
Ah.
But I'm always afraid I'll say something stupid.
And I you.
You manage to throw me off balance.  I adore you.
Do I put you off?
Yes I know.  I started to say... I started to say Joe that --
Joking.
Don't be silly.
Not long.
I don't know why Joe, we've known each other how long...
Don't I find what?
Is your script much like the novel? Jerry says it's very good.  But you know, you read the novel, and then you see the movie - and most of the time you say, "what's this?" You know?  I sometimes think we're better off not reading the novel at all.  Because, we come with expectations... and of course, we know where we're going.  Don't you find?
Yes I did.
It's very good.  I understand you won the Booker Prize.
No.
I'm not much of a reader, but I do love autobiographies, even biographies sometimes.  Mostly non-fiction.  Did you read the new Styron?
Yes.
Still.  Well.  Let's drop it.
It's a novel.
But I am right, yes?  She's based on Sally.
Yes, she is.
Oh my God, I'm a huge Skye Davidson fan. She's very beautiful.
The novel.  No, Skye Davidson is playing the lead.
Congratulations on the deal.  How exciting.  Is Sally doing Sally?  I mean it's Sally.  The character that's based on Sally.  The character that's based on Sally in the book.
Oh.  Well.  Good.
Nothing that can't be exchanged.
I love gifts.  What did you guys get us?
Lovely.
Thanks, I'll take that.  Champagne?
We have a gift?
Oh don't.  Everyone says that.
No.  No.  Let me tell you something.  Directing's the best preparation possible for fatherhood.  The sleep depravation alone.
Oh.  You're serious.
I meant Sally.
I meant Sally.
Well, you know...good days, bad days.
God, I really need to jump about a bit.  How's your film going?
Hey, I'm happy for you, buddy.  Anything I can do.
Thanks, Mac.  And thanks for being so supportive about all this.  I really love you, you know.
Kind of.  Hey, look - John Seale, Oliver Stapelton, Darius Khonji - they're friends.  And great DP's I could give them a call for you.
Not particularly.  Weird, isn't it?  God I'm rally up.  Do you feel anything yet, Mac?
And you got Skye Davidson.  Pretty big leagues for a first timer.  Do you even like movies?
What?  Oh yeah, the camera man?  They gave me a list.
You got your DP?
Ah there's our snookums now.
You lose this?
It was a mistake.  This isn't a plot to do in Otis.
I'm so sorry.
Stop being such a bitch, Sal.
I think it's great that I made an impression at all, you know.
Yeah, it was.  For a writer nothing's sacred.  No, nothing at all.
I know you changed it to a bookstore. And the color of my hair.  But the moment was exactly the same.  The same, you know, dynamic.  And almost verbatim, wasn't it?
Sorry?
I'm so glad.  You know, I recognize that passage in your book.  The bit about us running into each other in the movie theatre.
I like you.
That's very nice.
Come here.
Oh yes.  Nineteen...just.  I'm cold.
You must have been a baby.
Nine...nine, yes?  Nine years, just about.
How long have you been married?
He has to find non-smoker's meetings that used to be almost impossible, you know? It's gotten much better.
And he doesn't smoke?
Yes.
A lot of cakes.
Medallions.
That's a lot of those.
Eight years, though.  That's quite an accomplishment.
I'm sorry.
It's really not the same thing.  He was really nicer when he drank.
I think he's really angry with me too.
Ryan's really angry with me.
Lemon it is.
Lemon.
Lemon or raspberry?
Okay.
You're never too old for a lolly.  I'm having one.
What am I, five?
Here, drink this.  Drink lots of water.  Hold on to this.  Take deep breaths. Nice and slow.  Would you like a lolly?
I'm a little in the puke zone.
Oh?  It's easy.  You just put one foot in front of the other... That's a good girl.
I've never done this before.
Let's go for a walk.
I don't think so.  I feel.  I feel a bit funny.
Are you okay?
Sally!!!!
I will treasure this.
I need to leave you now.
We're way past inappropriate.
Would you sign it for me.  I'm sure this is inappropriate.
I'll be your best friend.
Scout's honor.
Alright.  Please don't tell Ryan I'm drinking.
Easy tiger.
Oh shit.  I'm sorry.  I'm a total fucking maniac.  Delete all that, okay?  I spoke for myself, this needn't rub off on my wife.  Oh shit.  I get pissy sometimes. Much worse than Otis.  Otis doesn't bite. It's just, I really love my dog and he doesn't really bark a lot. We live in a canyon.  We hear dogs barking at night, too.  And it's not Otis.
Well, that's what Ryan thought.  I was more generous, actually.
Oh shit.  I'm sorry.
And your phone calls are nasty and abusive.  And I've come this close to suing you for harassment.  And you're only here because we're supposed to be sucking up to you.
And Ryan works at home.
And you know, he really does not.
The wrong word, maybe.  Delete that. And, you know, the dog barks incessantly.
Elitism?
But you're very private people.  You know, there's a kind of elitism...
What?
I think a lot of this could have been avoided if Sally made more of an effort.
Very well put.
I don't know why, but these misunderstandings have a way of escalating.
Hm.
Well, yes.  Yes, in fact.  A little on the outside, yes.  And there's been all this friction.
No you're not.
A little out of my element.
Oh.
I'm a little nervous, so...
Uh-huh.
Oh, yes.  You know Ryan's been sober eight years.  And it's difficult if I... you know.  It's better if I don't.
Yeah, we're in a constant state of flux.  I see you've moved up from the soft stuff.
Mmm.  It says something about the two of you maybe.
In fits and starts -- and then, later, of course, she had to accommodate me.  So things shifted a little bit then, became more eclectic.  And it keeps changing.
Sally did all this herself?
You're an interior decorator, right?
Your Eames table is incredible.  And the B&B.  I just put that in a client's home, actually, but in red.
Right away.  Are you sure you wouldn't like something soft, Ryan?
Something soft.
No, he's absolutely right.  You're absolutely right, Ryan.  Dog talk must be banned.  Canine conversations are completely discouraged... it's really good of you to join us.  Can I get you a drink?
Please, Ryan.
This is an amazing present.  What a sweetheart you are.
I think there are sixteen there.
You're going to be a remarkable director, a brilliant director.
I'm so happy you like it.  I'm so relieved you said yes, and I'm really, um, what, thrilled, yes actually, to finally meet you.
When I read your work I felt that you knew me.  Women must tell you that.  And this one in particular speaks to me, do you know?  I am Genna.  How many women must tell you that.  And the script is wonderful.  Wonderful and lean and visual...
Yeah, well, it's just us and a few hundred of our closest friends.
Oh, I love that.  I'm just great.  I'm so happy to be here. And I apologize for invading you.  And I'm so happy you asked me to.  I'm so touched.  I know how private you and Sally are.
How do you do, Skye?
Not good.
How's he doing?
Well...wow...
Jesus Christ.
No, it's not... Fuck fuck fuck fuck.
I was faking it.  I've been feeling caged for sometime.  Funny, huh?
Time!
I didn't say a word.
Trust him.
What?
Clair is a hovering mother.
Of course it's alright.
Let's just go home, okay?
What?
Don't go in, Ryan.
Jesus Christ, it's a fucking dog!
All the ugly phone calls?  We're not the only people with a tape recorder, Ryan.  They've gone to the canyon, we should go towards the PCH.
Excuse me?
Because we're nice people, and because what goes around comes around.  Because, God help you if something happens to that dog?
Why?
We have to find the dog, Ryan.
God willing.
I left the gate open and Otis got out! He could get hit by a car!
You're not serious.
Ryan, you've got to come!  You've got to help me find the dog!  I let their dog out.  We need to find the dog.
I'm going to go get my swimsuit.  I do know, Ryan, this is non addictive so you mustn't worry.  Ryan, you're a great man.
Ready to go?
You need a good review and you'll be fine.  The whole color of the world will change, mark my words.
I don't need a drug.
There's only you, Ryan.  You know what, Ryan?  You're beautiful.  I love you so much... You need...
Are you making an ass of yourself?
I think you need to speak for yourself, Ryan.  But I think you're really nice people...
They're nothing like us.
They're really nice people, Ryan. They're like us...
I'm not going to leave you alone.
I think you should then.  You should look in on Sheila.
Yes.
Do you want to go home, Ryan?
You know what Sally Therrian was saying about your spine and your brain?  She didn't pull that out of thin air.  It causes brain damage.  You'd better drink a lot of water.
I love it here.  Don't you love it here, Ryan?  I love it here.  And I love tonight.  And I love these people.  And this feels utterly fantastic, Ryan.  Utterly fantastic.
He always has two or three going...
Well, yes, actually.
I'm sure you understand.
Ryan.
How long ago was it?
I...
You fucking cow, can't you read?!
I'm so sorry.
There's a goddamn sign on the gate.
I'm sorry.
I did it.
Well, whoever did this is amazing.
I so wish I'd known.
Yes.
Thank you.  I understand you're an interior decorator.
Yes, great!  It's a beautiful house.
Hors d'oeuvres or something?
Are you working on a new book?
Ryan!
Oh?
We could hardly say no.
Yes.  And you've met Joe.
Sally?
Hi.  Monica and Ryan?
Who told you that?  No.  I'm twenty...  Five.
Oh good, I'm worse... Are you really twenty-two?
Very.
No, I'm just testing to see how deeply perverted and impulsive you are.
Are you asking me to marry you?
How about someone who really really liked Shostakovich?
If he were still alive, maybe.
Would you, like, marry him?
Yeah.
Do you really, you really, like Shostakovich?
Exactly!  So I dug it, and I did a lot of research.
Set to the poem of Yetveshenko!
I just did a movie about Bob Yar, I played Gittle, the Jewish milkmaid who gets shot in the head, and they used Shostakovich's 13th Symphony.
Otis you crazy dog!  Otis are you in this God forsaken Canyon?  My people are very hungry.
Do Peter Sellers again.
I'll tell you who doesn't know, cute girls don't know.
Who doesn't know about the infamous composer's conference of 1948 where Zhdanov persecuted the leaders of Soviet Music - Shostakovich, Prokofieve, and Myaskovsky.
Andre Zhdanov?  How the hell do you know about Andre Zhdanov?
Not to mention Andrew Zhdanov... Otis, come!!
Otis!!  Shostakovich identified with the Jew.  He felt persecuted, hunted, crushed under the thumb of Stalinist imperialism.
Oh yes, indeed.  That was my clue, you see.
Really??
The Shostakovich.
Oh?
That was my clue.
Thank you.
The charades.
Oh?
I was impressed.
No, no thanks.
Do you need anything else?
Yes.
Is there space here?
No, never.
Oh my god.  I've been so rude.  I'm Skye Davidson.  Has anyone ever told you, you look like Peter Sellers?
Not at all.
And I'm overwhelmed.  And I want to do it justice.  And I hope we can spend time together.  And I'm gushing.  It's my worst quality.
I'm in the same room with Sally Nash.  Oh my God.  You're my icon.  I've been watching your films since I was a little girl.  Like, four years ago I followed you all around the Beverly Center - at least half a day, working up the courage to introduce myself.
Come on in.
Panes is not on my team anymore.  I'll have Panes if I like.
What did I do?
From Jewish Folk Poetry, a song cycle...
Panes?
I guess.
We're going to have to go back out there.
You don't need to thank me.
Thank you, Panes.
Yes, you're a monster.
That's not an answer, is it?
You're my best friend.
Oh you know.  No doubts.  No second thoughts.  Am I a monster?
So tell me, how's it going?
Thanks.
Um.  Happy for you.
Nothing's wrong.  It's great, okay? Having the time of my life.  Mac's a fantastic director.  And what can anyone say about Cal that hasn't been said.  And it's great working with friends, blah blah blah.
Well, something's wrong.
No.  Not something new.
Alright.  Well, that's something new.
I never like to talk about my work.
Why not?
I don't want to talk about it.
That's it?  Yes.  Fine?
Yes.  Fine.
How's the movie going?  Your movie.  You are making a movie, aren't you?
No, really, five thousand with your discount.
You're a shit.
I'm worried about your Galiano.
No.  Really.  For real.  Really.
Why don't you go fuck yourself?
So how are you really doing, Panes?
About five thousand dollars.  With my discount.
What does that mean?
Shit.  It's my Galiano.
I'd cut off her red wine if I were you.
Shit!
I'm Levi Panes.  Will you excuse us, Skye?  It's time for Sally's meds.
Everyday.
You know it's true.
"Otherwise, we'd insist on your being here."
We're just feeling our way back.
I didn't hear me say tonight.
It's our anniversary, Panes.
"We can't stand seeing you like this, Panes.  I hate you being alone.  Why don't you stay with us for a while?" "I'd love to, thanks."
Okay.
I wasn't finished.
Like the last time.
No.  No, not like the last time.  She was the rest of my life.
Like the last time.
"How are you really doing, Panes?" "Lousy, thank you, I'm falling apart."
I don't want it to be just one of our parties.
It's not ruined, for fuck's sake.  It's one of your parties.
Exactly what I mean.  It's all ruined.
Oh, okay, forgive me.  Your neighbors are here, for fuck's sake.
They're not just our business managers, Panes.
Like your business managers?
I just wanted tonight to be with the people we love.
You see, that's worse.
Fuck you, Panes.
She could be playing the role in Joe's movie that should be yours.
How?
It could be worse.
She's all over him, are you blind?
You don't know she's a bitch.
Oh, Jesus, Panes.  I can't, I can't believe that bitch is in my house.
Really?  I need a drink.  Come hide with me.
She's even better looking in the flesh.
Oh great.
Panes is here!
Not enough.
Will champagne help?
Suicidal.  It's much less codependent.
Are you lovesick?
It's a machine gun.  I thought I'd kill myself.
Good, you brought your violin.  I want you to play.
Absolutely.  You always wonder where your books end up.  Why don't we use it?
Oh.  Well, yes.  It's extraordinary.  You think you could sign it for us?
I didn't know you had this.
Rose.
Monica and Ryan.
Well today it was Otis.  And you should keep him away from our yard.  Because Sheila will defend herself.
Well the neighborhood is full of dogs, and it's not always Otis.
It's just very distracting when you're trying to work.
You're keeping a record, are you?
At 4:30 today he barked for a solid fifteen minutes.  I have it on tape.
Thank you.  This was so unnecessary.  I hope you've noticed that Otis isn't barking as much.  We keep him in at night.
Well, so glad you decided to come.
Yes.
Relax.  You've done enough.
I don't mind...
You don't need to do that.
What are they?
Happy anniversary.  Thank you for making me a part of it.
Whatever, do you remember?  I've seen all your movies.  When I was in rehab, the second time, they wouldn't even let us see your drug addict movie.  They said you were too real.  I worship you.  And I couldn't be more flattered, because I know the part I'm playing in Joe's movie is based on you as a young woman.
I don't think I ever spent half a day in the Beverly Center.
I'll be right out.
Oh my God, sorry.  I'm interrupting.
No you are not.  You're Sally Nash. Listen to me, you're Sally Nash.  You're my best friend and I love you more than anyone, and you're not going to move to London to have the offspring of a sexually ambivalent man-child.  "Oh now I'm a novelist, oh now I'm a director..." English prick bastard Joe Therrian who's probably going to leave you for Skye Davidson anyway.
But I am a possessive, fragile neurotic.
His image of you is a possessive, fragile neurotic.
Why are you doing this?
Ha!  Not half so not kind as your husband was in his portrayal of you in his novel.
Not nice.  Not kind.
Well, you weren't fine last summer when you went Sylvia Plath on me in Connecticut.
We're fine.  We're great.  We're having a baby and we're moving to London.
You don't have kids to keep a marriage together, Sally.  It's only five months since Joe came back.
His sister does.  Big time.  And the New York Times says addiction is genetic -- I'll e-mail you the article.
Neither does Joe.
I don't have a drug problem.
You weren't exactly horrified.
Cal knows who he is.  Did you notice how happy Joe was when the drugs came out tonight?
And Cal's this massive adult?
Don't try and change the subject.  Oh God, it feels great!  He's just a little narcissistic, irresponsible and unreliable.
Hey, let's sit down.  I bet the rug feels really nice against your skin.
He wants playmates.  Oh he's a sweetheart, Sal, you know I love him. But he's not going to be a good father. He's just not parenting material.
Oh Soph, Joe loves kids.  Joe wants kids. Joe thinks he needs kids.
Honey, I'm not worried about you.  You are going to be a fantastic mom.  Not an issue.  I pressed you, remember?  Joe, on the other hand, is a different story.
No, no, not at all... I mean I've still got plenty of time.  Don't I?  I mean I still have a good six years, whatever. We could have three kids yet, if we wanted.  And I know I've always said I never wanted kids, and I didn't... but this year, I really, truly, feel ready...
Well, are you sure about this baby thing? It's not the ticking clock shit, is it?
What do you mean, thank God?
Oh honey, let's.
Let's go in the kitchen and spy on everyone.
Well good.  Thank God.
Sophia!  I'm not even pregnant!
You are not having your baby in London. You're going to have your baby at Cedars in Beverly Hills, America, delivered by Dr. Milton Cohen.  Period. And you're getting that epidural right away, don't let anyone talk you into any of that Lamase bullshit.  There's no excuse for pain like that.
And the food sucks, I know.
You'll hate it in London.  It's wet and miserable.  A medical hellhole Sally. It's socialized.  Beds in the corridors. Terrible plumbing.
Oh Soph...
I trust you.
She took our wedding photos, for chrissakes.  You don't trust anyone.
Well, I don't trust her.  I never have.
Big time.
So how much do you hate her?
But she really gets to the heart of Joe, doesn't she?  She's a genius.
The both of you.
We're always in here.  She really gets him, doesn't she?
A notch above the storage room.
It's much more personal in here.
I thought it was okay where it was.
So where should I put it?
Hm.
She's such a great photographer.
Yes.
Isn't this a fabulous picture?
Would you like to meet my husband?
Nevermind.
I hope they're watercolors!
In the guest room.  I've laid out a paint table for them.
Hmm.  Where are my kids?
Like Joe.
Ah.
He's a novelist.
And she was saying how happy you were to finally have them over.  Because you're both, so, what - introspective?  And you should have done it ages ago.  I'm Sophia Gold.  Come meet my husband, Cal.
And here they are!
Oh my God!  America told me your neighbors are coming?
Evie has a little something for you.
Enough about me.
Who cares, Z.  All I know is, we gotta dig.  We're not the ones in charge.
This colony needs another tunnel like a hole in the ground.  Why are we even digging this thing?
Break's over.
Thank goodness.  Breaktime.
No, Z.  The squeaky wheel gets <u>thrown</u> <u>away</u>, alright?  You're a good ant, Z, even though you are a pain in my rear- segment.  I don't wanna see anything happen to you.  So quit mouthing off, before you get in trouble.
The squeaky wheel gets the oil.
Z, old pal...  SHUT UP!!!  It's bad enough there's a food shortage without you complaining about it every day.
Sorry Azteca.  Here you go, fellas! Fresh dirt!  Alley oop!  Shouldn't we be wearing gloves?  I mean this dirt is very...dirty. Doesn't anyone think of hygiene?  Boy am I hungry.  I'm so hungry I'm seeing double.  It looks like there's <u>two</u> million ants in here.  When's lunch?  Tomorrow, or the day after?
Right...because every ant's important!
Someone who follows his heart!
No -- an <u>individual</u>!
Invisible!
Well, because he's more than a worker...he's a...what did he call it, Azteca...
That's right!  He slaughtered hundreds of termites single-handedly!
You know, you're not just workers -- you can be whatever you want to be! Look at Z!  He started as a worker -- then he became a soldier!
Z?  <u>Our</u> Z?  The little guy made it!
Wait a minute, that's no soldier -- that's Z!
I'll make myself available...Listen, better watch out with the backtalk.  I don't know want you to end up like the guy who used to work next to me.  I'm afraid he got... <u>downsized</u>.
No -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you don't have other plans.
Are you asking me out to dinner?
Sorry I got you in trouble.  But listen, you can share my rations.
I don't know what came over me, talking back like that.  I must be going crazy...
Mmm, yes, I see what you mean...
Nobody told me digging was so much fun!  You pick up the dirt, you move it, you pick it up again, you move it again -- lots of repetitions, you exercise the forceps, and the pincers --
Tell me about it.
I'm new...I was born yesterday.
Hey, slow it down, big boy.  You're making the rest of us look bad...How come I haven't seen you around here before?
Because...because he's <u>twice</u> the ant that you are.  I could <u>never</u> go through with marrying you.  I'm -- I'm an <u>individual</u>, and when I get married, it'll be to someone <u>I</u> choose.
You miss him?  <u>Why</u>?
Well you'll never be able to hurt him where he is now.  I miss him already.
It's a shame he died prematurely...I was hoping to kill him myself.
He's...he's dead.  You don't have to look for him anymore.  He was eaten by a praying mantis.
Oh...and I was afraid we had nothing in common...
Well...  I declared war!
So, um...how was your day?  What did you do?
Very well.  Carpenter, is there a convenient time to talk vis-a-vis: relationship?
General -- we have to talk sometime!
A <u>few</u>?
I mean, I've got the whole package, right?  A great life, a beautiful wife, and a few kids.
I know it's crazy, but -- I can't just leave.  Don't argue with me.  If I've learned anything, it's that the problems of two people don't add up to a hill of ants in this world.  Or beans.  Something like that.  Anyway, I've <u>got to warn the others</u>.
Z!  what are you doing?
Oh no...
Bala, that -- that lake we found -- I think the tunnel's right underneath it!  -- Formica's going to <u>flood the</u> <u>colony</u>!!!  That's what he meant when said there were too many ants!
There's something going on, Z --
Why do they have you tied up here?
Well, I...I know it's a little strange, but...I thought it might come in handy if I...needed a scarf someday.  Well, to be honest, I just liked having it.
You held onto this all that time?
Sorry, it's been through a war, not to mention everything else...
Well, "trouble" is my middle name. Actually, my  middle name is .985, but I don't tell people.  Hey, Bala, I...I actually have something of yours...you left it at the bar that night.
Just looking for fun, adventure, trouble, I guess.
So...you never did tell me...what made you come out to the worker bar that night?
Forget it.  You go ahead, I give up. I...I don't know what I was thinking. "Insectopia".
Come on, Z.
<u>This is all your fault</u>!!!
Yes?
Z...if we don't make it...I just want you to know....
Let's dig in!
You were right...you were right!  Z, it's <u>beautiful</u>!
We've found it!  <u>Insectopia</u>!  Look at all this food'
What difference does it make...we're both going to starve to death, or get squished, or set on fire...
Come on...tell me there wasn't just a little...something between us that first night at the bar.  The night we danced.
Face it, Z, we're lost!  We must have walked halfway across the world by now!  How did I get into this mess...
Well...I <u>am</u> the oldest.
So what makes you so special?
Well...no, but --
And only you can become a Queen?
Five thousand three hundred and ninety -- no.  About five thousand four hundred by now.
Look.  How many other Princesses are there?
General Formica won't let me die out here.  I'm his fiancee.
Princess, has it ever occurred to you that they're <u>not going to rescue you</u>?
Stop fooling around in there.
Hlllllllp!
Out here I'm just what?
Listen, "Princess", you can't order me around.  Out here, you're not the boss anymore -- out here, you're just --
Cut me down a soft leaf so I can take a nap.
This lake is huge!  And so close to the colony!  Think of the vacation potential!
Wait, I hear something!
Want a list?
Why didn't I listen to my mother ...why'd I have to go looking for trouble? Any ant would have given their left legs to be in my position...what's <u>wrong</u> with me?
Come on -- it's gone!  What are the chances of that happening again?
We're going to die!
<u>I</u> ruined <u>your</u> life?  Look, I was perfectly happy until I met you -- alright, I was miserable, but I was <u>happily miserable</u>.
My skin's dry, my exoskeleton is cracking...I wish I'd never met you, you ruined my life.
Water...water -- oh, you already said that.
Water...water...
That's not a name!  That's just a letter!
I've got a <u>name</u>.  It's <u>Z</u>.
Worker!  Come back here now!
Yeah, well I have it on a reliable source...  that it exists.  Now you follow the yellow egg...  <u>That</u> direction.
<u>Insectopia</u>?  You stupid worker, that's just a fairy tale!
Well, that's an appealing offer, but...considering the options...  You go back.  Me, I'm going to Insectopia.
Now, worker, you shall take me back to the colony, and have your head cut off and stuck on a sharp pole!
I <u>didn't</u> choose him.  What kind  of <u>idiot</u> would...  ...<u>choose</u> who she wanted to marry?
Is that the same standard you used to choose General Formica?
I was <u>slumming it</u>!  I danced with you because you were the most pathetic specimen in the place!
Oh come on, <u>you're</u> the one who came after me -- the swarthy, earthy, sensual worker!
Ha!  Don't make me laugh.  You're crazy about me!  That's why you lied and cheated to get near me!
Well I guess that makes us even.
I -- <u>hate</u> -- you.
Look around, sweetheart.
No!  There's no such thing as "just two ants."  You never see just two ants -- you see a million ants!
But can there be a society composed of just two ants?
Of course!  It defines society!  To deny the precept is to say that order is an arbitrary distinction applied by the society itself!
Theoretically, yes.  But is the monarchical hierarchy applicable without the underlying social structure to support it?
How dare you speak to me like that? I'm the Princess!
Who's the bigger idiot -- the idiot who gets kidnapped, or the idiot who lets herself get kidnapped by the idiot?
I've been kidnapped by the village idiot.
Climb up that tree and get a better view!
Excuse me, I --  Pardon me --  And they call them social insects.
Alright, alright, I'll try to get directions from one of the locals.
I order you to find out where we are!
How should <u>I know</u>?
What <u>was</u> that thing?
SSHH!!!  SSHH!!!
-- At the <u>worker bar</u>!  You were pretty hot to trot then!
Quiet -- sshhh!!
That's not what you said the <u>other</u> <u>night</u> --
I CAN'T DANCE WITH A WORKER!
Gee, uh, could you say it a little louder, I think there are some ants in the next colony who didn't hear you.
OH MY GOD, IT'S YOU!  YOU'RE A WORKER!!!  A filthy, stupid, disgusting WORKER!
No...as a matter of fact...
He was a worker.  I danced with him at a <u>worker's bar</u> just the other day. I'm not shocking you, am I?
No weirdly...You remind me of someone...
Divinely?
You dance...
Uh, sorry, General, I...I've always had this animal magnetism, it --
No, General.  I'm dancing with the war hero.
Oh...oh well then, one more won't matter.
Yes.
Ah, yes.  Well, charmed, I'm sure.  So, Princess, have you ever danced with a hero?
I'm Princess Bala.
And you are...?
Well, if single-handedly vanquishing the enemy and slaughtering a whole nestful of termites makes someone a hero, yes I am.
You're the hero of the recent termite campaign, aren't you?
Let me think.  Hmmnn...  Never.  Bye!
Wait!  When can I see you again?
Uh oh.  Goodbye!  Gotta run!
Aren't you gonna stand up for yourself?
Oh, that's okay, I'll let him off this time.  Are you crazy?  This guy's built like a pebble!  You know they do great prosthetic antennas nowadays --
You watch yours, soldier, or my worker friend will beat you up!
Why can't I just do whatever I want to do?  Why can't I just go wild?! Yahoo!
You -- you think I'm right?
You're right!
Why should everyone dance the same way?  It's as exciting as watching fungus grow.
Really?
Well, actually, uh -- I'm sort of making it up --
Are you sure this is a real dance?
<u>What</u>?
The palace, hunh?  I bet those royals really live it up.  Of course they're all a little, you know, from inbreeding --
I work in the palace, I don't get out much.
So uh -- how come I haven't seen you around here before?
Wanna dance?
What a bunch of losers.  Mindless zombies capitulating to an oppressive system --
Then if I go to the worker bar, it isn't improper.  Anyway, don't worry. No one will recognize us in our disguises.
Of course not --
And do Princesses do improper things?
Of course --
I'm the Princess, aren't I?
We shouldn't be doing this -- it isn't proper!
The worker bar!  Yes!  That's where I want to go!
There isn't anyplace else --  Except the worker bar.
The Club's so <u>stuffy</u>.  I want to try someplace different.
Mom!
Bala!
Darling, you must encourage the troops -- wave!
Who is that idiot?
Yes...he's wonderful...
Yes -- but I did my duty and sorted out all those messy feelings.  The wonderful thing about ant life is that everything is arranged.  Even marriage.  You're lucky -- General Formica is a paragon of anthood.
You did?
I felt the same way before I got married.  Confused.  Scared.
It's just that -- well, I'm honored that you selected me, and everything, I just thought the marriage might go a little more smoothly if -- we had a conversation?
Bala has always been a hopeless romantic, General.
Don't make my mistake, kid... don't...be a grunt...your whole life...
Barbatus, hang on -- Barbatus!!
I wonder...what...was it all...for...
Hang in there, buddy!  You can make it!  Just -- take deep breaths, I'll try and find your body -- it's gotta be around here somewhere!
No -- I can see it in your eyes.  I'm a goner.  It's alright, Z.  In this ant's army, a soldier's life ain't worth a sack of fungus.  I can't feel my legs...
No, no, you're...lookin' good. You've got good color in your cheeks.
Be honest, kid -- am I hurt bad?
Barbatus!
Barbatus?
Z!  Over here!
Don't get all sappy about it!
BARBATUS!  You -- you saved my life!
Maybe they went out for the evening. Let's leave them a message and head home.
Don't be scared, kid.  Barbatus's got yer back.
Superior numbers, kid!
So we're going back for more armor, right?  I mean, these guys are from outer space, how are we supposed to beat them?!
Our platoon has the best assignment of all.  We're the first into battle!
Well, what exactly does our platoon do?  Serve beverages?  Process paperwork?
Attack?  But -- I hate attacking! It's so hostile!
No -- we're going to attack the termites!
Yeah.  Well -- no.  She's kind of playing hard to get.  As a matter of fact, she's playing completely unattainable.  So, what's on the schedule?  A brisk walk?  a foraging expedition?
You just stick by old Barbatus. He'll watch out for you.  Whatsamatter, kid?  Leave a girl behind?
Trial membership?  Kid, when you join this ant's army, you're in for the full hitch.
I just joined up.  But I'm quitting! I got a trial membership!
You new, kid?
Uh, actually, we <u>are</u> outnumbered sir...
What are you doing?!  ATTACK!!  Come on, you yellow-bellies!  Don't just stand there, Carpenter! Make an example of yourself!
Ant Team Six...
Desperate times call for desperate measures.  Get me Ant Team Six.
Scattered reports, sir.  Rumors. Nothing reliable.
What do we have on this "Insectopia"?
No one should have to.  Have him brought to me.
Well, uh, who notices workers, sir?
Notice the big one, holding hands with the female?
I've never seen anything like it, General, they're they're...well, look!
Dammit, this tunnel is priority A-1! We can't afford <u>any delays</u> on this project!
Duty calls!
Fourteen-fifty hours, sir.
Outstanding.  Princess...?
Actually, sir, we're ahead of schedule.  We have thirty-six seconds available right now.
Princess!  You look -- outstanding. Is there anything I can do for you?
Princess Bala, sir.  Your fiancee.
No, sir!
Not that one.  Or that one.
That's correct, sir!
We know what makes an ant colony strong, don't we?  We know that no ant can be an individual.  No <u>single</u> ant matters, right?
Okay, son.
I...I have no idea, sir.
So tell me.  Where's Z?
Thank you, sir.
Good.  You're a good soldier.
Oh, no, sir!
Well now <u>you</u> haven't fallen for this silly idea of individuality, have you?
Yeah...I mean...well...I don't know, really, sir.
So this Z...he fancies himself an individual?
Can't we all settle this like adults -- we're not larvae anymore --
ARREST HIM!
Well it wasn't a masquerade, really, it was more what I'd call a clever ruse --
What's this?  A <u>worker</u> has been masquerading as a war hero?!
Oh, of course --
May I cut in?
Oh, hey, that's great, I think I see an old war buddy over there, it's been fun chatting.  Good luck with the hallucinations.
I tell you son, sometimes, at night, I see myself in battle, fighting a horrible, faceless enemy, with the future of our whole species at stake. And always, the dream ends with each of us plunging his sword into the other's heart...
Well I, I don't think "living it up" is the right term -- how about "working themselves to death"?
Negatory.  <u>Too many ants</u>.  And while we soldiers go out there, and fight, and bleed, and die for the colony, the namby-pamby workers live it up back home.
...Not enough food?
Yes, and do you know <u>why</u> there's a food shortage?
Wow, what a spread -- you know, there's a food shortage in the rest of the colony.
In love?  I'm just a plain old soldier at heart.  I'll tell you what I love -- the field -- blood -- death -- orders...and the company of other warriors.
So...you two are in love?
Affirmative.
Engaged?  As in you're getting married?
Well she better -- she's engaged to one.  <u>Me</u>!
Well, I generally just make belittling comments and snicker behind death's back.  So, tell me, fellow war-monger...do you think Princess Bala likes men in uniform?
Son, you're an ant after my own heart.  A warrior.  An ant that looks death right in the face and <u>laughs</u>.
ONE TO NOTHING!
Of course.  The entire royal family will be there to honor you.
Royal victory party?  Will...will Princess Bala be there?
Damn, I'm proud of you, boy.  I wish I had a hundred ants of your caliber. The world would tremble.  Now, time for some R and R.  You're invited to the royal victory party!
No -- you -- you don't understand!
Dammit, I'm proud to be an ant.  And I know each and every one of you boys will do your duty.  Dismissed.
Geez, and I forgot my toothbrush.
Now I've heard a lot of scuttlebutt about a <u>food shortage</u>.  Well you boys are gonna be taken care of.  But in the meantime we're gonna eat the enemy for <u>breakfast</u>, we are gonna eat the enemy for <u>lunch</u>, and we are gonna eat the enemy for <u>dinner</u>!
Lays it on a little thick, doesn't he?  If you ask me, he's one giant bore.
Alright, let's move out!
Very well, General -- I know you -- all work and no play!
'Fraid not, your majesty.  Goodbye, your majesty.
But General -- this tunnel is your baby!  You're sure you can't stay ?
Your majesty, I'm afraid matters of state keep me from attending the ceremony.
They should be...  But there's something funny about that soldier.
All these parties are so marvellously <u>alike</u>.
I'll take your suggestion under advisement, Princess.  In the meanwhile --
Look, General!  A darling baby soldier!  Don't try to be a hero!  Just make sure you come back in one piece!  Next!
Conversation...yes...well...  Wasn't she briefed?
Yes, General Formica.  Carry on, my good man!  I don't know what we would do without you.
I do not recollect, your majesty. Will that be all?
No snacking between meals!  Off you go!  Now -- what were we saying?
Please don't worry, your majesty. Leave the worrying to me.  As you know, I'm not an ant of half- measures.  I don't pussyfoot around. This crisis is my number one priority, and I promise you it's being dealt with swiftly, and decisively.
Yes, what else?
We are launching a major offensive to expand our foraging territory...
General, the severe food shortage that faces the colony...<u>pains</u> me. The thought of any of my children going hungry...  Who's the cutest widdle worker?  You are!  Yes, you!  Don't forget to brush your teeth!  Ship 'er out.  What steps are you taking to remedy the situation?
But -- but I've always felt life was about finding meaning...and then sharing it with someone special, someone you love.
You see?  Being an ant is being able to say, "Hey -- <u>I'm</u> meaningless, <u>you're</u> meaningless."
Right!  Ants!  Millions of creatures, each with his assigned task, all pulling together!
...Ants...
What do you see out there?
I'm glad you asked me that question!
Why are we so successful?
Ask me why we're so successful.
YES!!!  You know, people ask me, "Doctor, why are you always happy?" And I tell them it's mind over matter.  I don't <u>mind</u> that I don't <u>matter</u>!  Do you get it?  Do you get it?
...I should?
Terrific!  You <u>should</u> feel insignificant!
I feel...isolated.  Different.  I've got abandonment issues.  My father flew away when I was just a larva. My mother didn't have much time for me...when you have five million siblings, it's difficult to get attention.  I feel physically inadequate -- I've never been able to lift more than ten times my own weight.  Sometimes I think I'm just not cut out to be a worker.  But I don't have any other options.  I was assigned to trade school when I was just a <u>grub</u>.  The whole system just...makes me feel...<u>insignificant</u>.
You heard the ant -- DIG!!!
Yeah, but I hate drowning more!  Now <u>dig</u>!
Don't tell anyone you're a worker. Follow that column over there.  And come right back after the inspection!
What do I do?
Yeah, I know.
You're a real buddy.
Wear this.
Maybe I'll get lucky.  You know, Z, I wouldn't do this for anyone but you...
You bet!  They'll really go for a sensitive guy like you!
Will you introduce me to some worker girls?
Well I'm gonna <u>start</u> doing things for you...
I can't think of any.
You have to help me.  Please, Weaver. Think of all the things I've done for you!
What's gonna go wrong?!  I take your place for the royal inspection.  Bala comes strolling down the line, she sees me -- <u>bingo</u>!  Love is rekindled, and she takes me up to the palace for a little...  tea and crumpets... and you take your place again, and go march around to your heart's content!
It's a sign that you're crazy!  Do you know what the penalty for impersonating a soldier is?
Are you kidding?  There were sparks between us!  This scarf is a sign!
Get real, Z!  She just dropped the scarf by accident!
Well, you just sit here and be a party-pooper.
I'm not in the mood.  Even when they're off work, they follow orders.
Time to cut a rug, Z!
Poor guy's had one too many scouting missions.
Hey, did you hear what he said?!
Weaver, I'm an insect, not a liquid.
And all the time I've known you, you've been grumping and groaning. You should quit making waves.  Go with the flow.
Of course.  You were born two seconds after me.
Z, we've known each other a long time, right?
I can't help it.  I have a thing about drinking from the anus of another creature.  Call me crazy.
Who said there was a girl for you? I was talking about a girl for me.  Don't you want your aphid beer?
Weaver, they're career girls. They're obsessed with digging.  No, I'll probably never meet the girl for me.
Yeah, but you get to spend all day with those fabulous worker babes.
Come on -- everybody dumps on us workers.  You soldiers get all the glory.  Plus you get to go out into the world, meet interesting insects, and kill them.
I don't know what you're talking about, Z.
Did you see that?  How he gave <u>you</u> the beers, not me?  I'm telling you, he's got something against workers.
I'll be back.
We declared war again?  Are you scared?
That's right.  Maria Ouspenskaya. BLONDE  Hiya, Ouspenskaya.
So this is your mother's apartment?
Under the mat? 
Not there.  Under the mat.
Don't worry about the old lady. One squawk from her, and she's out of a job.
I mean - barging in on your mother -- in the middle of the night?
You sure this is a good idea? DOBISCH Can't think of a better one.
Yeah.  How much?
This the place?
That's sweet.  That's real sweet.
My mother.
I'm getting lonely.  Who are you talking to, anyway?
You wash 'em, you break 'em. I'll come back for them later.  If he makes trouble, give me a yell.
Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and --
What did I tell you?
One napkin, coming up.  I wish we had some champagne to wrap it around.
You must eat -- and you must get healthy -- and you must forget him. Such a fine boy he seemed when he first moved in here -- clean and cut -- a regular Ivy Leaguer. Turns out he is King Farouk. Mit the drinking -- mit the cha cha -- mit the no napkins. A girl like you, for the rest of your life you want to cry in your noodle soup? Who needs it! You listen to me, you find yourself a nice, substantial man -- a widower maybe -- and settle down -- instead of nashing all those sleeping pills -- for what, for whom? -- for some Good Time Charlie?  Sssh!
So what are you waiting for -- a singing commercial?
Yes, Mrs. Dreyfuss. He starts out with a worried backward glance toward the two. Fran is just sitting there, the spoon in her hand, not touching the soup.
Beatnik! Go to my kitchen -- third drawer, under the good silver, there is napkins.
Well, I have some paper towels --
You wouldn't have such a thing as a napkin, would you?
Big shot! For you, I wouldn't lift a finger -- but for her, I'll fix a little something to eat.
I didn't really do anything -- honest -- I mean, you take a girl out a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're serious -- marriage-wise.
From me the doctor has no secrets. Poor girl -- how could you do a thing like that?
Ma'am?
Eggs he asks me for. Oranges. What you need is a good horse-whipping.
Mrs. Dreyfuss, can I borrow some coffee -- and maybe an orange and a couple of eggs?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal...  Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
Such a racket I heard in your place -- maybe you had burglars.
I seem to have dropped my key.  Oh -- here it is.
Something the matter?
Oh.  Hello there, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
It's a bet.
Shall we say -- a dollar?
I've been here twice as long as you have --
Care to make a small wager?
What gives, Baxter? You getting promoted or getting fired?
Oh!
She's been trying to reach you for the last twenty minutes. They want you up stairs.
Sheldrake?
All right -- I'll tell him.  Hey, Baxter -- that was Personnel. Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.
Shut up and deal!
Did you hear what I said, Miss Kubelik? I absolutely adore you.
Seven --  -- queen.
I love you, Miss Kubelik.
I'm going to send him a fruit cake every Christmas.
What about Mr. Sheldrake?
In there.
That's funny -- so am I.  What did you do with the cards?
Where are you going? BUD Who knows? Another neighborhood -- another town -- another job -- I'm on my own.
Of course not.
Mind if I come in?
I'm fine all over.
Are you sure? How's your knee?
I'm fine.
Are you all right?
Good night, Miss Kubelik.
Good night, Mr. Baxter.
That's very wise.
No. You know how people talk. So I decided it would be better if we didn't see each other till everything is settled, divorce-wise.
Aren't you meeting Mr. Sheldrake?
Oh.
No, thank you.  I -- well, to tell you the truth --  -- I have this heavy date for tonight --
Yes.  You walking to the subway?
For that matter, you were wrong about me, too. What you said about those who take and those who get took? Well, Mr. Sheldrake wasn't using me -- I was using him. See?  Last month I was at desk 861 on the nineteenth floor -- now I'm on the twenty-seventh floor, paneled office, three windows -- so it all worked out fine -- we're both getting what we want.
I guess so.
I told you all along. You see, you were wrong about Mr. Sheldrake.
I never thought he'd do it.
You mean, leaving his wife? Yeah. I'm very happy for you.
I know.  I suppose you heard about Mr. Sheldrake --?
Nothing's changed. You know, we never finished that gin game --
How's everything at the apartment?
Fine.
Fine. How's your eye?
Oh, Miss Kubelik. How do you feel?
So I want you to keep a clear head.
Oh.
We're going to finish that gin game.
I don't?
You don't have to if you don't want to --
What?
I mean, after that?
The dishes?
You know what we're going to do after dinner?
Cheers.
Oh, no. Sometimes I have dinner with Ed Sullivan, sometimes with Dinah Shore or Perry Como -- the other night I had dinner with Mae West -- of course, she was much younger then.  Cheers.
You usually eat alone?
You know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe -- shipwrecked among eight million people. Then one day I saw a footprint in the sand -- and there you were --  It's a wonderful thing -- dinner for two.
Might as well go all the way.
I see you bought some napkins.
It's a must -- gracious-living-wise.
Shall I light the candles?
You ought to see my backhand.  And wait till I serve the meatballs. 
Say, you're pretty good with that racquet.
No -- just come as you are.
Are we dressing for dinner?
Yes, nurse.
So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day.
No, thanks. The fellows in the office may get the wrong idea how I found out.
Of course not. Here's the fruit cake.  And you want to see my knee? 
Are you just making that up to make me feel better?
Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee -- but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati, has four kids, gained twenty pounds -- she sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.
That's terrible.
Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked -- so I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off -- pow!
In the knee?
Here.
Where?
Anyway, I parked the car and loaded the gun -- well, you read in the papers all the time that people shoot themselves, but believe me, it's not that easy -- I mean, how do you do it? -- here, or here, or here --  -- you know where I finally shot myself?
No, I don't.
Worse than that -- she was the wife of my best friend -- and I was mad for her. But I knew it was hopeless -- so I decided to end it all. I went to a pawnshop and bought a forty-five automatic and drove up to Eden Park -- do you know Cincinnati?
Over a girl?
Well, maybe not exactly -- I tried to do it with a gun.
You did?
I know how you feel, Miss Kubelik. You think it's the end of the world -- but it's not, really. I went through exactly the same thing myself.
I wonder how long it takes to get someone you're stuck on out of your system? If they'd only invent some kind of a pump for that --
You can't leave yet. The doctor says it takes forty-eight hours to get the stuff out of your system.
I really ought to be getting home. My family will be flipping by now.
I wouldn't say that --  What would you like to have for diner? There's onion soup and canned asparagus --
Some people take, some people get took -- and they know they're getting took -- and there's nothing they can do about it.
A what?
I know so. He's a taker.
I guess so.
You mean to someone like Mr. Sheldrake.
It's just that I'm the kind of guy who can't say no -- I don't mean to girls -- I mean --
Yes, you are,  When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.
As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.
Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I was cooking myself an Italian dinner.  I used it to strain the spaghetti. FRAN  Why not?
Well, things are a little disorganized around here.
It's very curious -- I could only find three and a half pair.
Thank you.
I was washing my stockings, so I decided I might as well do your socks.
What are you doing with that?
Oh.
In this house, you're supposed to.
Are you supposed to?
You turned it on -- but you didn't light it.
Yes. I was boiling some water to get the coffee stains out of my dress.
Gas.  Didn't you turn it on?
Sure.  What's that funny smell?
Are you all right?
I think you should. I have to run down to the grocery anyway -- all that's left around here is one frozen pizza --  I'll be right back -- okay?
I don't want to talk to him.
-- Mr. Sheldrake.
For me?
There's a call for you --
Yeah. Well -- that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise. Go to sleep.
Why can't I ever fall in love with somebody nice like you?
I would.
Who'd care?
Please, Miss Kubelik, you got to promise me you won't do anything foolish.
So they'll shoot me -- like a horse.
It's only one story down -- the best you can do is break a leg.
I just want some fresh air.
Now don't go getting any ideas, Miss Kubelik.
Would you mind opening the window?
Just somebody delivering a bottle of champagne. Like some?
Who was that?
Gin.
Sure.
You sure you want to throw that card?
You bet. I got a terrific hand.
Do I have to?
Pick up your cards and let's go.
I don't like myself very much anyway.
Well, for one thing, you can't spell. And secondly -- if you did something like that -- you'd hate yourself.
Why not?
Miss Kubelik, I don't think that's such a good idea.
As one woman to another -- I'm sure she'll understand --
You are?
I'm going to write a letter to Mrs. Sheldrake.
What for?
Can I have that pad and the pencil?
No doubt about it.
You really think so?
I'm sure that's the explanation.
Maybe he does love me -- only he doesn't have the nerve to tell his wife.
Mr. Sheldrake? Oh, yes. Very.
Was he really upset when you told him?
You better win a hand -- you're on a blitz.
Oh. I can type up a storm, but I can't spell. So they gave me a pair of white gloves and stuck me in an elevator -- that's how I met Jeff --  Oh, God, I'm so fouled up. What am I going to do now?
Too slow?
So I came to New York and moved in with my sister and her husband -- he drives a cab. They sent me to secretarial school, and I applied for a job with Consolidated - but I flunked the typing test --
Cut.
Three. The last one was manager of a finance company, back home in Pittsburgh -- they found a little shortage in his accounts, but he asked me to wait for him -- he'll be out in 1965.
I just have this talent for falling in love with the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time. BUD  How many guys were there?
Gin.
I was fifteen -- we used to go there to smoke. His name was George -- he threw me over for a drum majorette.
A cemetery?
That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go -- first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
A bad insurance risk?
What do you call it when somebody keeps getting smashed up in automobile accidents?
Pick a card.
I don't want it.
Yeah -- I know what you mean.  Queen.
Why do people have to love people, anyway?
Give what up?
I think I'm going to give it all up.
You don't have to entertain me.
I am. Let me get the cards.
I'm not very good at it.
You want me to move the television set in here?  You play gin rummy?
Sure.
That's right. Will you see that Mr. Sheldrake gets it?
There's nothing here but a hundred dollar bill.
Open it.
Yes, I've got it.  Don't you think we'd better destroy it? So it won't fall into the wrong hands -- ?
Oh. Did you find something here -- an envelope -- ?
Oh, I don't mind. As a matter of fact, I'm sort of flattered -- that anybody should think a girl like you -- would do a thing like this -- over a guy like me.
She doesn't seem to like you very much.
He's a liar. But that's not the worst part of it -- the worst part is -- I still love him.
Oh, you're wrong. He told me --
He doesn't give a damn about me.
I didn't mean it that way -- I was just talking to him on the phone -- he's very concerned about you.
Thanks for reminding me.
That's why we have to be careful -- we don't want to involve anybody -- after all, Mr. Sheldrake is a married man --
But they'll be worried about me -- my brother-in-law may be calling the police --
Miss Kubelik, I don't think you ought to call anybody -- not till that chewing gum is out of your head. 
They had to pump it out.
Your stomach?
No -- it's my stomach.
Something wrong with your legs?
As soon as I can walk.
When are you coming home?
Miss. 
What's her first name?
Baxter.
What's your friend's name?
I mean -- her apartment.
His apartment?
In his apartment.
And where are you now?
Someone from the office.
Who?
I'll tell her I spent the night with a friend.
You better figure it out -- exactly. Suppose she asks you why you didn't come home last night?
Well, I haven't figured it out, exactly.
Wait a minute -- let's talk this over first.  Just what are you going to tell her?
My sister -- she'll want to know what happened to me.
Who are you calling, Miss Kubelik?
I'll fix you some coffee.
No -- I don't want anything.
Here. How about some breakfast?
Oh -- of course. I think there's a new toothbrush somewhere.
I just want to go brush my teeth --
Miss Kubelik, I'm stronger than you are --
Sure I do. It's always nice to have company for Christmas.
You don't want me here --
You're in no condition to go anywhere -- except back to bed.
Where's my dress? I have to go home.
Two o'clock.
My head -- it feels like a big wad of chewing gum. What time is it?
What kind of talk is that?  So you got a little over- emotional -- but you're fine now.
I'm so ashamed. Why didn't you just let me die?
Let me help you.
I didn't know -- I had no idea this was your apartment --
Miss Kubelik --  -- you shouldn't be out of bed.
I'm sorry, Mr. Baxter.
I'm so tired -- DR. DREYFUSS Here -- drink this.
It's not important, Fran -- the main thing is that I got here in time -- and you're going to be all right --  -- isn't she, Doc?
I don't understand --
That's right.  I told you we had a fight -- that's what it was about -- Miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you saw --
Oh, yes -- office party -- Miss Olsen --
Don't you remember? We were at the office party together --
All right. Have a nice Christmas.
Oh.  Yes?  Just a minute.  If you don't mind -- this is sort of personal
Your phone.
I know. I like it this way -- makes me look the way I feel.
The mirror -- it's broken.
What is it?
After all, this is a conservative firm -- I don't want people to think I'm an entertainer --
Here.
You don't think it's tilted a little too much --
I think so.
No problem. Why don't we discuss it sometime over the holidays -- I could call you and pick you up and we'll have the big unveiling --  -- you sure this is the right way to wear it?
I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.
I thought maybe I could put in a word for you with Mr. Sheldrake -- get you a little promotion -- how would you like to be an elevator starter?
He and I are like this.  Sent me a Christmas card. See?
Why?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I have quite a bit of influence in Personnel. You know Mr. Sheldrake?
I'd better get back to my elevator. I don't want to be fired.
I understand. Christmas -- family and all that --
This is a bad day for me.
Well, as long as you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with me -- how about the three of us going out this evening -- you and me and the bowler -- stroll down Fifth Avenue -- sort of break it in --
Much better.
Maybe if I wore it a little more to the side --  is that better?
Of course not.
Really? You mean you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with somebody in a hat like this?
No -- I like it.
Guess I made a boo-boo, huh?
Why don't we step into any office? There's something I want your advice about, anyway.  I have my own office now, naturally. And you may be interested to know I'm the second youngest executive in the company -- the only one younger is a grandson of the chairman of the board.
Nothing.  There are just too many people here.
You all right? What's the matter?
I thought so.
Three.
How many of those drinks did you have?
Don't you believe it. Later on there will be human sacrifices -- white collar workers tossed into the computing machines, and punched full of those little square holes.
Why not?  They seem friendly enough.
By the power vested in me, I herewith declare this elevator out of order.  Shall we join the natives?
You're so right.
I shouldn't drink when I'm driving.
One more?
Cheers.
Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops. I mean, decency-wise -- and otherwise-wise.  Cheers.
Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform -- that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.
You couldn't help yourself. I mean, when you're having a drink with one man, you can't just suddenly walk out on him because you have another date with another man. You did the only decent thing.
You shouldn't.
I forgive you.
I don't blame you. It was unforgivable.
Well, as a matter of fact, I was rather hurt when you stood me up that night --
In the last six weeks you've only been in my elevator once -- and then you didn't take your hat off.
What gave you that idea?
Thank you.  I thought you were avoiding me.
Marry Christmas.
Eight-thirty!
Well, don't tell the fellows in the office about the appendix. They may get the wrong idea how you found out.  'Bye.
I know your height, your weight and your Social Security number -- you had mumps, you had measles, and you had your appendix out.
Oh.
A couple of months ago I looked up your card in the group insurance file.
How come?
Oh, I even know who you live with -- your sister and brother-in- law -- I know when you were born -- and where -- I know all sorts of things about you.
Sounds good.  How do you know where I live?
They got a great little band at El Chico, in the Village -- it's practically around the corner from where you live.
So I see.
What cold? And after the show, we could go out on the town --  I've been taking from Arthur Murray.
How is your cold?
You know, I felt so lousy this morning -- a hundred and one fever -- then my promotion came up -- now you and I -- eleventh row center -- and you said I should have stayed in bed.
Meet you in the lobby. Okay?
All right? That's wonderful! It's the Majestic -- 44th Street.
Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.
Eight-thirty.
What time does the show go on?
Well, it was just an idea -- I hate to see a ticket go to waste --
Oh, I understand.
I'm afraid not. I promised to have a drink with him -- he's been calling me all week --
Well, in that case, couldn't you -- ?
It used to be serious -- at least I was -- but he wasn't -- so the whole thing is more or less kaputt.
This date -- is it just a date -- or is it something serious?
Just tell 'em -- now and then.
I wasn't trying to be personal -- it's just that the fellows in the office were -- whether you wondering about you ever --
No. Like a man.
Oh.  You mean -- like a girl-friend?
I'm sorry, but I can't tonight. I'm meeting somebody.
Yeah.
You mean tonight?
I thought maybe we could have a bite to eat first -- and then --
Sure.
Would you like to?
No.
Great. Look -- have you seen The Music Man?
How'd you make out on the twenty- seventh floor?
I almost didn't recognize you -- this is the first time I've ever seen you in civilian clothes.
Oh -- Miss Kubelik.  I've been waiting for you. FRAN You have?
Good night.
Good night.
Fine.  Wait.
I hope so.  Wouldn't you know they'd call me on a day like this -- with my cold and everything --  How do I look?
I hope everything goes all right.
I'd love to hear them. Maybe we could have lunch in the cafeteria sometime -- or some evening, after work --
The characters you meet. Something happens to men in elevators. Must be the change of altitude -- the blood rushes to their head, or something -- boy, I could tell you stories --
Really?
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.  You know, you're the only one around here who ever takes his hat off in the elevator.
Why not? Now that they're kicking me upstairs --
You're beginning to sound like Mr. Kirkeby already.
You may not realize it, Miss Kubelik, but I'm in the top ten -- efficiency-wise and this may be the day -- promotion-wise.
Twenty-seven.
I should have stayed in bed last night.
You should have stayed in bed this morning.
That's me. 
Well, to make the figures come out even -- since I have no colds a year -- some poor slob must have five colds a year.
Why?
That makes me feel just terrible.
Really?  I was looking at some figures from the Sickness and Accident Claims Division -- do you know that the average New Yorker between the ages of twenty and fifty has two and a half colds a year?
Oh, I never catch colds.
Yeah.  I better not get too close.
Say, you got a lulu.
I sort of like it.
It was making me nervous, so I chopped it off.  Big mistake, huh?
What did you do to your hair?
Morning, Miss Kubelik.
Morning, Mr. Baxter.
Gas?
I thought I smelled gas coming from your apartment.
What for?
Oh, Mr. Baxter -- I'm glad you're here -- I was just going to get the passkey.
I'm warning you, Mr. Baxter -- this is a respectable house, not a honky-tonky.  Come on, Oscar.
Don't worry about Dr. Dreyfuss -- I happen to know he was out on a case.
What you get from renting to bachelors. All night I didn't sleep ten minutes -- and I'm sure you woke up Dr. Dreyfuss.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Lieberman -- and I'll never invite those people again.
All that marching -- tramp, tramp, tramp -- you were having army maneuvers maybe?
Last night?
So who did you think it was -- Kris Kringle? What was going on here last night?
Oh -- Mrs. Lieberman.
Good night, Mr. Baxter.
No, no.  Just waiting for a friend. Good night, Mrs. Lieberman.
Some weather we're having.  Must be from all the meshugass at Cape Canaveral.  You locked out of your apartment?
Good evening, Mrs. Lieberman.
Good evening, Mr. Baxter.
Save it. The old payola won't work any more. Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.
Now hold on, Baxter --
Just following doctor's orders. I've decided to become a mensch. You know what that means? A human being.
What's gotten into you, Baxter?
That's right, Mr. Sheldrake. I won't be needing it -- because I'm all washed up around here.
But this is the key to the executive washroom.
No I didn't.
Say, Baxter -- you gave me the wrong key.
Thank you, sir.
Now you're being bright?
So what's it going to be?
I dig.
Baxter, I picked you for my team because I thought you were a bright young man. You realize what you're doing? Not to me -- but to yourself. Normally it takes years to work your way up to the twenty-seventh floor -- but it takes only thirty seconds to be out on the street again. You dig?
No key!
How's that again?
Especially not Miss Kubelik.
I'm not just bringing anybody -- I'm bringing Miss Kubelik.
You're not going to bring anybody up to my apartment.
What do you mean, sorry?
Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake.
Now I'll have to borrow your key.
Very clever.
You know that other key to your apartment -- well, when we had that little scare about Miss Kubelik, I thought I'd better get rid of it quick -- so I threw it out the window of the commuter train.
Don't mind what?
The only thing is I'm staying at the Athletic Club -- and it's strictly stag so if you don't mind --
I see.
Me, too. I'm taking Miss Kubelik out -- I finally talked her into it --
Naturally.
I suppose you'll be on the town tonight -- celebrating?
Yes, sir.
You're working too hard, Baxter. It's New Year's Eve -- relax.
Here's the breakdown of figures on personnel turnover. Thirty-seven percent of our female employees leave to get married, twenty-two percent quit because --
Oh?
I got kicked in the head, too.
That's just one of the privileges that goes with this job. You also get a nice little expense account, the use of the executive washroom --  Say, what happened to you, Baxter?
Yes, sir.
Oh, sure, sure. But first the property settlement has to be worked out -- then it takes six weeks in Reno -- meanwhile, I'm going to enjoy being a bachelor for a while.  Oh, by the way, you can now have lunch in the executive dining room --
Well, it's just that so many things have been happening so fast -- I'm very pleased -- especially for Miss Kubelik. Now that I've gotten to know her better, I think she's the kind of girl that definitely ought to be married to somebody --
My assistant, Roy Thompson, has been shifted to the Denver office, and you're taking his place.  What's the matter, Baxter? You don't seem very excited.
Mine?
You like?  It's all yours.
Swell. And don't think I've forgotten what you did for me.  This way, Baxter.
It's about Miss Kubelik -- she's all right again -- so she went back home.
Now what was your news, Baxter?
Yeah --
Well, if you must know -- I fired my secretary, my secretary got to my wife, and my wife fired me. Ain't that a kick in the head?
You left your wife?
That's right.  I've moved out of my house -- I'm going to be staying in town, at the Athletic Club.
You're going to take her off my hands?
I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik -- well, stop worrying -- I'm going to take her off your hands.
Sir?
And I've got good news for you, Baxter. All your troubles are over.
Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you --
Like what? Put yourself in my place, Baxter -- how can I help her -- my hands are tied --
For me? I don't think so. But I was hoping maybe you could do something for her --
Oh.  Well, if there's anything I can do for you --
No, thank you, Mr. Sheldrake. As a matter of fact, I've got some money for you -- a hundred dollars --
Good. Is there anything you need -- money -- ?
Yes, she's in the shower -- she's coming along fine, considering.
Yes, sir -- I understand.  She left a note -- you want me to open it and read it to you?  Well, it was just a suggestion -- no, you don't have to worry about that, Mr. Sheldrake -- I kept your name out of it so there'll be no trouble, police-wise or newspaper- wise --
That's impossible.  You'll have to handle this situation yourself -- as a matter of fact, I'm counting on you --
I thought maybe you'd like to be here when she wakes up.
What?
I didn't want to tell you over the phone but that certain party -- you know who I mean -- I found her here last night -- she had taken an overdose of sleeping pills.
You're not making sense, Baxter. What's this all about?
I hate to disturb you, but something came up -- it's rather important -- and I think it would be a good idea if you could see me -- at the apartment -- as soon as possible.
Hello? -- yes -- what's on your mind, Baxter?
Roger. And I'll get that other key.
Put me down for Thursday again.
Yes, sir. That's the life, all right.
Yeah.  You know, Baxter, I envy you. Bachelor -- all the dames you want -- no headaches, no complications --
No, sir. That's very unfair -- especially to your wife.
You see a girl a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're going to divorce your wife. I ask you -- is that fair?
I know how it is.
You know how it is -- sooner or later they all give you a bad time.
Sir?
So it was.  She threw it at me.
The mirror is broken.  It was broken when I found it.
Oh, yes. Thanks.
I mean -- the young lady -- whoever she may be -- it was on the couch when I got home last night.
To me?
Yes, sir. You can't be too careful.
No, you don't understand. She's a busybody -- always poking her nose into things -- and with that key passing back and forth -- why take chances?
Oh, yes. Very attractive. Is she -- the lucky one?
You know my secretary -- Miss Olsen --
Well -- I guess so.
Fine. And I want you to know I'll work very hard to justify your confidence in me -- SHELDRAKE Sure you will.  Say, Baxter, about the apartment - now that you got a raise, don't you think we can afford a second key?
I like the way you handled that. Well, how does it feel to be an executive?
Don't thank me -- thank your friends here -- they're the ones who recommended you.
Oh, yes, sir. Very much. And I want to thank you --
Morning, gentlemen.  Everything satisfactory? You like your office?
You too, sir.
Here you are, Baxter. Have a nice time.
Oh, no sir. Certainly not. Anyway, it's none of my business -- four apples, five apples -- what's the difference -- percentage-wise?
Not that I have anything to hide.
Oh, you don't have to worry --
You know how people talk.
Yes, of course.
Now remember, Baxter -- this is going to be our little secret.
Thank you, sir.
Relax, Baxter.
Oh -- terribly sorry. It's that cold --
Now put down the key --  -- and put down the address.
I am?
That's good thinking, Baxter. Next month there's going to be a shift in personnel around here -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're executive material.
This?
Oh?  Oh!
It also says here -- that you are alert, astute, and quite imaginative --
Swap them? For what?
I'm not just giving those tickets, Baxter -- I want to swap them.
So do I -- I'm going to take four aspirins and get into bed -- so you better give the tickets to somebody else --
Baxter, you're not reading me. I told you I have plans.
Well, that's very kind of you -- only I'm not feeling well -- you see, I have this cold -- and I thought I'd go straight home.
I made other plans. You can have both tickets.
You mean -- you and me? I thought you were taking the branch manager from Kansas City --
How would you like to go tonight?
Not yet. But I hear it's one swell show.
The reason I called is -- I won't be home for dinner tonight. The branch manager from Kansas City is in town -- I'm taking him to the theatre Music Man, what else? No, don't wait up for me -- 'bye, darling.  Tell me something,  Baxter  -- have you seen Music Man?
Yes, sir.
I'm not through with you yet.
Well, I don't want to intrude -- and I thought -- since it's all straightened out anyway --
Where are you going, Baxter?
Well, usually I slip it to them in the office and they leave it under the mat -- but never again -- I can promise you that --
How do you work it with the key?
West 67th Street. You have no idea what I've been going through -- with the neighbors and the landlady and the liquor and the key --
Where is your apartment?
Oh, it won't. Believe me. And it's not going to happen again. From now on, nobody is going to use my apartment --
That's not the point. Four rotten apples in a barrel -- no matter how large the barrel -- you realize that if this ever leaked out --
Just those four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be very proud of our personnel -- percentage-wise.
Baxter, an insurance company is founded on public trust. Any employee who conducts himself in a manner unbecoming --  How many charter members are there in this little club of yours?
Well, about six months ago -- I was going to night school, taking this course in Advanced Accounting -- and one of the guys in our department -- he lives in Jersey -- he was going to a banquet at the Biltmore -- his wife was meeting him in town, and he needed someplace to change into a tuxedo -- so I gave him the key    and word must have gotten around -- because the next thing I knew, all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets -- and when you give the key to one guy, you can't say no to another and the whole thing got out of hand -- pardon me.
You better.
No, sir. I'm not going to deny it. But if you'd just let me explain --
Are you going to deny it?
Oh.
Loyal, cooperative, resourceful C. C. Baxter.
Who?
There's a certain key floating around the office -- from Kirkeby to Vanderhof to Eichelberger to Dobisch -- it's the key to a certain apartment -- and you know who that apartment belongs to?
Sir?
What kind of joint are you running?
What -- what's that got to do with me? I'm not running any bookie joint.
That's right, Baxter.
The Vice Squad?
In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.
You do?
Look, Baxter, I'm not stupid. I know everything that goes on in this building -- in every department -- on every floor -- every day of the year.
Would you mind repeating the question?
Think.
I don't know.
Tell me, Baxter -- just what is it that makes you so popular?
That's very flattering.
Mr. Vanderhof, in Public Relations, and Mr. Eichelberger, in Mortgage and Loan -- they'd both like to have you transferred to their departments.
Well, you know how it is -- things pile up.
And Mr. Kirkeby tells me that several nights a week you work late at the office -- without overtime.
Mr. Dobisch said that?
Been hearing some very nice things about you -- here's a report from Mr. Dobisch -- loyal, cooperative, resourceful --
Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
I was sort of wondering what you looked like. Sit down.
Yes, sir.
Baxter?
Who else?
You?
On account of me.
What does he mean, accident?
No, no -- just had a little accident.
Fran been sick or something?
Oh, this is Mr. Matuschka -- he's Miss Kubelik's -- he's got a cab downstairs --
What's the matter with Miss Kubelik?
Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't a lady present, I'd clobber you.
All we were going to do is eat and wash the dishes --
Now, wait a minute. I know what you're thinking -- but it's not as bad as it looks -- MATUSCHKA  It's none of my business what you do, Fran -- you're over twenty- one -- but your sister happens to think you're a lady.
Okay, get your clothes on. I got the cab downstairs.
How do you do, Mr. Matuschka?
Yes?
Baxter?
No!
Say, why don't we have ourselves a party -- the four of us?
Now will you get out?
Buddy-boy, why didn't you say so?  You got yourself a little playmate, huh?
Are you going to leave, Mr. Kirkeby, or do I have to throw you out?
Baxter, I don't want to pull rank on you -- but I told the lady it was all set -- you want to make a liar out of me?
Look, you can't stay here. Just take your champagne and go.
What's the matter with you, Buddy- boy? I made a reservation for four o'clock, remember?
You can't come in.
What do I -- ?  Just a minute.
What do you want?
Hi, Baxter.
So long, fellas. Drop in any time. The door is always open -- to my office.
So long, Baxter. We know you won't let us down.
Oh, I'm very grateful.
Baxter, we're a little disappointed in you -- gratitude-wise.
Well -- it's all right with me, Bud. Let me check. I'll get back to you.
Instead of Friday -- could you possibly switch to Thursday? You'd be doing me a great favor --
Hello? Yeah, Baxter. What's up?
Listen to him.  Little Lord Fauntleroy!
Could be she's just a nice, respectable girl -- there are millions of them.
A lot of guys around here have tried it -- all kinds of approaches -- no dice.  What is she trying to prove?
Maybe you're using the wrong approach.
I'm a pretty good operator myself -- but she just won't give me a tumble -- date-wise.
Oh, yes.  She's the best operator in the building.
That Kubelik -- boy!  Would I like to get her on a slow elevator to China.
Yes, sir.  They are indeed. 
Oh, how are you, Baxter.  They keeping you busy these days?
Good morning, Mr. Kirkeby.
I'll pay you on Friday.  And whatever happened to those little cheese crackers you used to have around?
Yes, Mr. Kirkeby.  You still owe me for the last two bottles --
Well, lay in some vodka and some vermouth -- and put my name on it.
I know.  Mr. Eichelberger -- in the Mortgage Loan Department -- last night he had a little Halloween party here --
You're on your way up, Buddy-boy. And you're practically out of liquor.
That's right.  We were discussing our department -- manpower-wise -- and promotion-wise --  -- and I told him what a bright boy you were.  They're always on the lookout for young executives. BUD Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.
Mr. Sheldrake?
Sure, sure.  Look, kid -- I put in a good word for you with Sheldrake, in Personnel.
I don't mind in the summer -- but on a rainy night -- and I haven't had any dinner yet --
I know, Buddy-boy, I know.  But those things don't always run on schedule -- like a Greyhound bus.
Mr. Kirkeby, I don't like to complain -- but you were supposed to be out of here by eight.
Listen, Baxter, we made you and we can break you.
You threatening me?
You'll be a lot sorrier before we're through with you.
I sympathize with your problem -- and believe me, I'm very sorry --
Well, after all, it's my apartment -- it's private property -- it's not a public playground.
We went to bat for you -- and now you won't play ball with us.
I have a vague idea.
Teamwork -- that's what counts in an organization like this. All for one and one for all -- know what I mean?
Thank you, Mr. Dobisch.
That's a shame. I'll send the key right down. And about your promotion --  -- I'm sending that efficiency report right up to Mr. Sheldrake, in Personnel. I wouldn't be surprised if you heard from him before the day is over.
And I couldn't get into my apartment -- so at four a. m. I had to wake up the landlady and give her a whole song and dance about going out to mail a letter and the door slamming shut.
It is?  Well, how about that? No wonder I couldn't get into the executive washroom this morning.
Oh, I found a key there, all right -- only it's the wrong key.
I did, didn't I? I distinctly remember bending over and putting it there --
It's not Picasso I'm calling about. It's the key -- to my apartment -- you were supposed to leave it under the mat.
Oh, Buddy-boy. I was just about to call you.  I'm sorry about that mess on the living room wall. You see, my little friend, she kept insisting Picasso was a bum -- so she started to do that mural -- but I'm sure it will wash off -- just eyebrow pencil.
Yes, Mr. Dobisch.
Let me worry about that.  Just leave the key under the mat and clear out.
I'm all out of liquor -- and there's no clean glasses -- no cheese crackers -- no nothing.
Make it thirty minutes.  What do you say, Bud?
It's only eleven -- and I just want the place for forty-five minutes.
Of course not.  But -- how can I be efficient in the office if I don't get enough sleep at night?
Look, Baxter -- we're making out the monthly efficiency rating -- and I'm putting you in the top ten. Now you don't want to louse yourself up, do you?
I don't care if it is Marilyn Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and I've taken a sleeping pill -- so I'm afraid the answer is no.
Buddy-boy -- she won't keep that long -- not even on ice.  Listen, kid, I can't pass this up -- she looks like Marilyn Monroe.
I'm sorry, Mr. Dobisch.  You know I like to help you guys out -- but it's sort of late -- so why don't we make it some other time?
That's okay, Buddy-boy.  Now like I was saying, I'm in this joint on Sixty-first -- and I think I got lucky --  -- she's a skater with the Ice Show --  -- and I thought maybe I could bring her up for a quiet drink.
Oh, yes, Mr. Dobisch.  I didn't recognize your voice --
Dobisch -- Joe Dobisch, in Administration.
Well, that's very nice of you -- but who is this?
Hiya, Buddy-boy.  I'm in this bar on Sixty-first Street -- and I got to thinking about you -- and I figured I'd give you a little buzz.
Yeah.
Quite an office -- name on the door -- rug on the floor -- the whole schmear.
Wednesday -- Wednesday --  I got somebody penciled in -- let me see what I can do -- I'll get back to you.
Okay, you made your point. We'll just have to do it next Wednesday -- that's the only night of the week I can get away.
Oh, no. I'd get pneumonia -- and if I got pneumonia, I'd be in bed for a month -- and if I were in bed for a month --
Buddy-boy, that's the worst thing you can do. If you got a cold, you should go to a Turkish bath -- spend the night there -- sweat it out --
Thank you, Mr. Vanderhof. But I'm sick -- I have this terrible cold -- and a fever -- and I got to go to bed right after work.
That's not like you, Baxter. Just the other day, at the staff meeting, I was telling Mr. Sheldrake what a reliable man you were.
I hate to disappoint you -- I mean, many happy returns -- but not tonight --
Cancel? But it's her birthday -- I already ordered the cake --
Look, Mr. Vanderhof -- I've got you down here for tonight -- but I'm going to be using the place myself -- so I'll have to cancel.
Dear Mr. MacIntosh --  Vanderhof, Public Relations. Oh, yes, Baxter. Just a minute.  All right, Miss Finch -- type up what we got so far.  Now what is it, Baxter?
Happy New Year.
You know me with girls. Easy come, easy go. Goodbye, Doc.
Forget it -- I didn't do it as a doctor -- I did it as a neighbor.  By the way, whatever happened to her?
No, thanks -- I don't feel like it. Look, Doc -- in case I don't see you again -- how much do I owe you for taking care of that girl?
Booze we don't need. Why don't you join us, Baxter? We got two brain surgeons, an ear, nose and throat specialist, a proctologist, and three nurses from Bellevue.
Can you use a bottle of champagne?
Me? Oh, you mean my body. Don't worry, Doc -- it'll go to the University -- I'll put it in writing --
Sorry to lose you, Baxter.
I don't know. All I know is I got to get out of this place.
Where are you moving to?
Yeah -- I'm giving up the apartment.
What's this -- you packing?
Well, I have things to do --
How come you're alone on New Year's Eve?
Sure, Doc.
Say, Baxter -- we're having a little party and we ran out of ice -- so I was wondering --
Not you -- Miss Kubelik.
Oh, I'm fine, Doc.
How's the patient?
But you're not out of the woods yet, Baxter -- because most of them try it again!  You know where I am if you need me.
Yeah, wasn't I?
A mansch -- a human being! So you got off easy this time -- so you were lucky --
I'm not sure.
I don't know what you did to that girl in there -- and don't tell me -- but it was bound to happen, the way you carry on. Live now, pay later. Diner's Club!  Why don't you grow up, Baxter? Be a mensch! You know what that means?
Help yourself.
Well, as a doctor, I guess I can't prove it wasn't an accident.  But as your neighbor, I'd like to kick your keester clear around the block.  Mind if I cool this off?
It's just that she's got a family -- and there's the people in the office -- look, Doc, can't you forget you're a doctor -- let's just say you're here as a neighbor --
Aren't you?
She didn't mean it, Doc -- it was an accident -- she had a little too much to drink and -- she didn't know what she was doing -- there was no suicide note or anything -- believe me, Doc, I'm not thinking about myself --
It's regulations.
Why do you want to know, Doc? You don't have to report this, do you?
What's her address?  Where does she live?
Kubelik -- with two k's.
How do you spell her last name?
Sure.
Any of that coffee left?
These cases are harder on the doctor than on the patient. I ought to charge you by the mile.
Just as long as she's okay.
She'll sleep on and off for the next twenty-four hours. Of course, she'll have a dandy hangover when she wakes up --
Well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet --
Mister -- Miss -- such politeness!
Hello, Miss Kubelik.
Fran, I'm a doctor. I'm here because you took too many sleeping pills. Do you understand what I'm saying?  Fran, I'm Dr. Dreyfuss -- I'm here to help you. You took all those sleeping pills -- remember?
Miss Kubelik -- Fran.
What's her name?
You know, Baxter, you're a real cutie-pie -- yes, you are.
Something like that.
So you went right out and picked yourself up another dame.
I don't know -- I mean -- I wasn't here -- you see -- we had some words earlier -- nothing serious, really -- what you might call a lovers' quarrel --
Want to tell me what happened?
Get that stuff out of her stomach -- if it isn't too late. You better put some coffee on -- and pray.
What are you going to do, Doc?
It was half-full -- about a dozen or so. You going to have to take her to the hospital?
How many pills were in that bottle?
She going to be all right, Doc?
Let me get my bag.
There's a girl in my place -- she took some sleeping pills -- you better come quick -- I can't wake her up.
Slow down, kid.
My body?  I'm afraid you guys would be disappointed.  Good night, Doc.
When you make out your will -- and the way you're going, you should -- would you mind leaving your body to the University?
Me?
You know, Baxter -- I'm doing some research at the Columbia Medical Center -- and I wonder if you could do us a favor?
Yeah.  Well -- see you, Doc. 
Sometimes,  there's a twi-night double-header.  A nebbish like you!
I'm sorry if it gets noisy --
As a matter of fact, you must be an iron man all around. From what I hear through the walls, you got something going for you every night.
Oh, that's not me.  It's just that once in a while, I have some people in for a drink.
Say, Baxter -- the way you're belting that stuff, you must have a pair of cast-iron kidneys.
Oh.  'Bye, Doc.
Yeah.  Some clown at Schrafft's 57th Street ate a club sandwich, and forgot to take out the toothpick.
Hi, Doc.  Had a late call?
Good evening, Baxter.
You bet I will. And when I tell him how you treated me, he'll push your face in.  You fink!
Here -- find yourself a phone booth and call your husband in Havana.
My shoes.
Nothing.  Just clear out, will you?
Say, what's going on here, anyway?
It's an emergency -- see you some other time.
What's the matter? Did I do something wrong?
The party's over.
Good night?
Good night.
Not so rough, honey.
I'm with you, lover.
Well, they haven't got me yet, baby. Dig up some ice from the kitchen and let's not waste any time -- preliminary-wise.
Gee. Sort of gives you goose-bumps just to think about it.
Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that --  -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.
No kidding.
Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only fair to warn you that you are now alone with a notorious sexpot.
Say, this is Snugsville.
I don't know you at all. BUD Permit me -- C.C. Baxter -- junior executive, Arthur Murray graduate, lover.
Stuck on her! Obviously, you don't know me very well.
Still stuck on her, huh.
She may be a girl -- but she's no friend of mine.
You got a girl-friend?
No.
Can I ask you a personal question?
Not particularly.
Poor Mickey -- when I think of him all by himself in that jail in Havana --  -- want to see his picture?
Might as well go to mine -- everybody else does.
Where do we go -- my place or yours?
I said I had no family -- I didn't say I had an empty apartment.
A night like this, it sort of spooks you to walk into an empty apartment.
No.
Family?
No.
'Twas the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring -- Nothing -- No action -- Dullsville!  You married?
Well, you can't win 'em all.
Mickey? He wouldn't do nothing like that. He's a jockey. They caught him doping a horse.
Oh. Mixed up in that revolution?
My husband. He's in Havana -- in jail.
Who is Mickey?
All I wanted him to do was let Mickey out for Christmas.
That so.
Because as far as I'm concerned, he's a no good fink. Two weeks ago I wrote him a letter -- never even answered me.
What about him?
You know, that big-shot down in Cuba with the crazy beard.
You like Castro?  I mean -- how do you feel about Castro? BUD What is Castro?
Yeah, he's punchy. Talking to himself.
That guy really must've belted him.
Hit by a swinging door? Or maybe a Yellow Cab?
Hi, Buddy-boy. What happened to you?
Yeah. What's Buddy-boy done for us lately?
Why not? We don't owe Buddy-boy anything.
I see.  What do you think, Al? Can we help the man?
What gripes me is the two of them were guzzling my champagne while Sylvia and I wound up at the Guggenheim Museum.
A.W.O.L.?
Toot? It's more like a lost weekend. Neither of them showed up for work today.
No kidding. Buddy-boy and Kubelik having themselves a little toot!
Kubelik.
Who?
-- so yesterday afternoon I take Sylvia up to the apartment, and guess who he's got stashed away in the bedroom?
You can't sleep.  Come on, Fran -- open your eyes.  Let's get her walking. We've got to keep her awake for the next couple of hours.
Please -- just let me sleep.
Mr. Baxter -- nineteenth floor.
Do you know who this is?  Look at him.
I don't know.
Yes, you do. Now concentrate.
No.
Do you know where you are, Fran?
I took sleeping pills.
And what happened to you?
Dr. Dreyfuss.
Tell me again -- what's my name?
Get more coffee.
Dreyfuss.
Dr. Dreyfuss.
Doctor.
That's right, Fran. And I'm a doctor.
Sleeping pills.
Goodbye, Mr. Baxter.
Come on, Fran.
You fool -- you damn fool.
Why did you take sleeping pills?
Because I took some sleeping pills. But I'm all right now -- so let's go.
What for?
This is my brother-in-law, Karl Matuschka.
What's with you, Fran -- did you forget where you live?
Always happy to do something for our girls in uniform.
Well -- thank you.
What for? You haven't done anything -- it's him -- what a salesman -- always the last booth in the Chinese restaurant -- and the same pitch about divorcing his wife -- and in the end you wind up with egg foo yong on your face.
Will you excuse me?
And before me there was Miss Rossi in Auditing -- and after me there was Miss Koch in Disability -- and just before you there was Miss What's-Her-Name, on the twenty- fifth floor --
I don't know what you're talking about.
So you don't have to play innocent with me. He used to tell his wife that I was the branch manager from Seattle -- four years ago when we were having a little ring-a-ding- ding.
Yes, I know.
I beg your pardon? MISS OLSEN I'm Miss Olsen -- Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.
Hi. How's the branch manager from Kansas City?
I'd spell it out for you -- only I can't spell.
What are you talking about?
I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles -- cookie-wise.
That little punk -- after all I did for him! He said I couldn't bring anybody to his apartment -- especially not Miss Kubelik. What's he got against you, anyway?
The nerve.
Just walked out on me -- quit -- threw that big fat job right in my face.
He wouldn't.
He wouldn't give me the key to the apartment.
Baxter?
I didn't plan it this way, Fran -- actually, it's all Baxter's fault.
Ring out the old year, ring in the new. Ring-a-ding-ding.
I know it's a drag -- but you can't find a hotel room in town -- not on New Year's Eve.
Atlantic City?
I rented a car -- it's going to be here at one o'clock -- we're driving to Atlantic City.
All set for what?
Sorry it took me so long on the phone. But we're all set.
There you go again -- you know I didn't mean it that way, Fran. Just get well -- do what the nurse tells you -- I mean Baxter -- and I'll see you as soon as I can. Bye, Fran. 
Of course I'm not here -- because the whole thing never happened -- I never took those pills -- I never loved you -- we never even met -- isn't that the way you want it?
Are you there, Fran?
Fran, why did you do it? It's so childish -- and it never solves anything -- I ought to be very angry with you, scaring me like that -- but let's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happened -- what do you say, Fran?  Fran --
Hello, Jeff.  Yes, I'm all right.
It won't always be like this.  I love you, Fran.
Sure. Monday and Thursday -- and Monday again -- and Thursday again --
Don't forget to kill the lights. See you Monday.
You run along -- I want to fix my face.
Coming?
You'll miss your train, Jeff.
Stop that, Fran.
A hundred dollars? I wouldn't call that cheap. And you must be paying somebody something for the use of the apartment --
Don't ever talk like that, Fran! Don't make yourself out to be cheap.
Okay.  I just thought as long as it was paid for --
I have a present for you. I didn't quite know what to get you -- anyway it's a little awkward for me, shopping --  -- so here's a hundred dollars -- go out and buy yourself something.
Yeah, we better.
Oh. Our friend from the Chinese restaurant. Thanks, Fran. We better keep it here.
Merry Christmas.
It's Christmas Eve, Fran -- let's not fight.
How could I be so stupid? You'd think I would have learned by now -- when you're in love with a married man, you shouldn't wear mascara.
Okay, okay, Fran. I deserve that. But just ask yourself -- why does a man run around with a lot of girls? Because he's unhappy at home -- because he's lonely, that's why -- all that was before you, Fran -- I've stopped running.
And just think -- right now there's some lucky girl in the building who's going to come after me --
Now, Fran --
I was never very good at history. Let me see -- there was Miss Olsen, and then there was Miss Rossi -- no, she came before -- it was Miss Koch who came after Miss Olsen --
Is that what's been bothering you -- Miss Olsen? That's ancient history.
Funny thing happened to me at the office party today -- I ran into your secretary -- Miss Olsen. You know -- ring-a-ding-ding? I laughed so much I like to died.
Well, that's more like it. At least you're speaking to me.
Yeah -- that's me. The Happy Idiot -- a million laughs.
Come on, Fran -- don't be like that. You just going to sit there and keep bawling?  You won't talk to me, you won't tell me what's wrong --  Look, I know you think I'm stalling you. But when you've been married to a woman for twelve years, you don't just sit down at the breakfast table and say "Pass the sugar -- and I want a divorce." It's not that easy.  Anyway, this is the wrong time. The kids are home from school -- my in- laws are visiting for the holidays -- I can't bring it up now.  This isn't like you, Fran -- you were always such a good sport -- such fun to be with --
I promise.
Where are we going, Jeff? Not back to that leaky boat --
I love you -- remember?
I have that date -- remember?
Fran --
You know I do.
I'm sure. If you'll just tell me that you still love me --
Are you sure that's what you want?
Of course not. You had nothing to do with it.
Let's get something straight, Jeff -- I never asked you to leave your wife.
What do you think?
Handle what?
I saw my lawyer this morning -- I wanted his advice  -- about the best way to handle it --
Okay. I'm sorry.
If you'll just listen to me for a minute --
I wasn't trying.
You're not being funny.
Just trust me, baby -- we'll work it out somehow --
That's enough, Fran.
They got it an a long playing record now - Music to String Her Along By. My wife doesn't understand me -- We haven't gotten along for years -- You're the best thing that ever happened to me --
You didn't really believe me, did you?
We didn't talk about it -- you did.
I mean -- about my getting a divorce.
We talked about a lot of things.
Remember what we talked about?
Do I. That leaky little boat you rented -- and me in a black negligee and a life preserver --
Fran -- remember that last weekend we had?
Not very -- but I'm going to be there anyway.
Important?
No. I have a date at eight-thirty.
Not here, Fran. Can't we go some place else?
You're not giving me a chance, Fran. I asked you to meet me because -- I have something to tell you. FRAN Go ahead -- tell me.
Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm full up. You'll have to take the next elevator.
I want you back, Fran.
Why do you keep calling me, Jeff? What do you want from me?
How do you think I felt -- riding home on that seven-fourteen train?
For a while there, you try kidding yourself that you're going with an unmarried man. Then one day he keeps looking at his watch, and asks you if there's any lipstick showing, then rushes off to catch the seven-fourteen to White Plains. So you fix yourself a cup of instant coffee -- and you sit there by yourself -- and you think -- and it all begins to look so ugly --
I never said goodbye, Fran.
Look, Jeff -- we had two wonderful months this summer -- and that was it. Happens all the time -- the wife and kids go away to the country, and the boss has a fling with the secretary or the manicurist -- or the elevator girl. Comes September, the picnic is over -- goodbye. The kids go back to school, the boss goes back to the wife, and the girl --  They don't make these shrimp like they used to.
I don't believe you.
Let's not start on that again, Jeff -- please. I'm just beginning to get over it.
You don't know what it's like -- standing next to you in that elevator, day after day -- Good morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still crazy about you, Fran.
-- same sauce -- sweet and sour.
It's been hell.
Like old times. Same booth, same song --
I missed you, Fran.
Six weeks. But who's counting?
How long has it been -- a month?
Yes, I know. You want a lock to carry in your wallet?
You know I liked it better long.
That's right.
It's on the way.  I see you went ahead and cut your hair.
No, Jeff. I can't stay very long.  Can I have a frozen daiquiri?
Let me take that.
Still afraid somebody may see us together?
That's fine. But what are we going to do about grandma and Uncle Herman and Aunt Sophie and my two nieces --
Why don't we send her to a movie -- like Ben-Hur?
She's home -- stuffing a turkey.
What's your mother doing this afternoon?
Go where?
A little mixup in signals. Let's go.
What gives?
Stay with it, Buddy-boy!  Come on, Sylvia.
Bob WHO? -- all right, so we'll watch it at the apartment. Big deal.  Baxter? It's okay for Thursday.
Thursday? That's The Untouchables -- with Bob Stack.
Okay, okay. Look, Sylvia -- instead of Friday - could we make it Thursday night?
Yes? Oh, hello -- sure I got home all right -- you owe me forty-five cents.
Certainly not.  I'm a happily married man.
You mean you bring other girls up here?
Why do all you dames have to live in the Bronx?
Like hell you will.  You'll buy me a cab.
All right -- I'll take you to the subway.
A hundred and seventy-ninth street -- the Bronx.
Where does she live?
I told you -- with my mother.
Where do you live?
Don't you ever stop talking?
You got to watch those things. Wives are getting smarter all the time.  Take Mr. Bernheim -- in the Claims Department -- came home one night with lipstick on his shirt -- told his wife he had a shrimp cocktail for lunch -- so she took it out to the lab and had it analyzed -- so now she has the house in Great Neck and the children and the new Jaguar --
Sssssh.
Some setup you got here.  A real, honest-to-goodness love nest.
What's the difference?  Some schnook that works in the office.
What guy?  Whose apartment is this, anyway?
Sylvia -- sweetie -- it's not that -- but I promised the guy I'd be out of here by eight o'clock, positively.
First you can't wait to get me up here, and now -- rush, rush, rush! Makes a person feel cheap.
Please, Sylvia!  It's a quarter to nine!
Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
I'd appreciate it if you'd be out of here as soon as you can.
You let me go four years ago, Jeff. Only you were cruel enough to make me sit out there and watch the new models pass by.
You bet it won't. I'll arrange for you to get a month's severance pay --  That's right, Miss Olsen. I'm letting you go.
It won't happen again.
But I thought you could hold your tongue.
I'm sorry, Jeff. You know I could never hold my liquor --
Me? SHELDRAKE Thank you for giving that little pep talk to Miss Kubelik at the office party.
Lovely. You were a big help.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Oh -- oh!
Propagate -- you know, multiply -- baby flies?
See if they'll what?
Maybe we should send up two flies -- and see if they'll propagate in orbit.
It's a thought.
Hey, Dad -- why don't we put a fly in the nose cone and see if we can bring it back alive?
I will -- I assure you that -- You got a fifty on that H-34 -- leave the ammo in boxes -- I'll get my men to bring the first drum with 'em --
I don't know what you're talking about -- Get fucked --
We can use some fifty caliber and a 16 too --
Two whole drums --
Men of all races -- nationalities --
Get out --
You make some of your closest friends in the army -- war has a way of bringing men together.
You can keep your fucking fuel --
One for all -- all for one --
No -- absolutely not --
Esprit de corps --
How far do you think you can push -- what kind of people do you think --
We have a lot of pride in our unit --
You're out of your skull --
That's what there is to talk about -- my man -- I take a good care of my men --
What !
My men --
What's there to talk about -- this whole thing disgusts me.
Sit down -- we'll talk about it.
Wait -- wait -- don't get up tight -- what I meant was we'd need a whole drum for that --
We need all our fuel anyway.
Now just a second -- I'm doing you a favor, buddy -- what're you trying to pull?
I said I like all of them.
Good -- like I said, take your pick.
I like all of them --
Take your pick -- they all like you -- I can tell --
I'm not that fond of blondes -- maybe I like brunettes --
Look -- you know who that is, Captain -- you know what she's saying -- you'll never see stuff that good outside of a magazine for the rest of your life.
We need all our fuel.
We could use some fuel -- just a half drum -- just enough to get us out a here.
Well --
Look -- the girls could get killed -- we're not supposed to be this close combat, I mean real combat.
Dreadful.
Well I mean like they also took our fuel -- We've been here two days.
Yeah.
Look -- we got in a little trouble -- they rudely took our helicopter for MedEvac work on this -- uh Operation Brute Force -- They just brought it back this morning.
Captain Willard -- go ahead.
Oh -- I see -- Well, girls, this is Captain -- eh --
Yeah, I caught your show at Hau Fat.
Look -- you know the girls -- Thta's Terri -- she was playmate of --
What's it matter? Get to the point.
Where are you headed?
Yeah --
You came in on that boat, didn't you?
What is this?
Moonby, 4th battalion, Royal Australian Regiment, Task Force. Ex-Corporal Moonby, deserted.
Moonby what?
Moonby. Got any Winstons?
Who the hell are you?
I know, I know, it's all right. Come in this way. It's mined over there. This way. It's all right.
We've been attacked.
Who are you ?
Headquarters 11 Corps -- 405th A.S.A Battalion -- S-2 -- Com-Sec -- Intelligence -- Nha Trang.
I go up on missions. Listen Captain, buy me all the beer you want, but you better tell that asshole over there you're not going to find out anymore about me.
A year ? Waiter another beer.
A long time.
How long were you up there ?
We do.
I didn't know we had units up there in North Vietnam.
You know, I can remember once, getting back below the DMZ -- and the first Americans we ran into were a track squadron. I just couldn't believe how much water they had. We'd been chewing bamboo shoots for almost a week, and before that, for two weeks, we'd been drinking anything -- rain water, river shit, stuff right out of the paddies. And there were these guys standing by their trucks spilling water all over. I could've killed them.  I swear to God I would have, too, if ...
Thirty -- sometimes fifty.
At least you always have enough water. How many gallons does each one of those damn things carry ?
Sometimes.
Fat. That's real fat.
Yeah.
Tracks ?
I was an FO for the 25th.
Let's talk about you.
That's quite an array of ribbons...
No -- I worked too far north for LRRP.
Were you Longe Range Recon --
Sort of.
Rangers, eh?
None.
What unit were you with ?
Yeah. Way north.
North ?
No.
Delta ?
I'm sure it is, but I had hepatitis.
That's good gin.
My part.  Beer, with ice and water.
Which part is that ?
Part.
Winning the war by yourself.
Sure, thanks.
How about a drink ?
What did you put in all those ammo boxes?
Holy shit.
Then went too far -- he sat there and starts mutilating the centerfold. Poking pins in her an' all that. Sergeant says, don't do her like that. You leave your shitty little hands off that girl. Gook Lieutenant says Fuck you in Vietnamese -- Sergeant says, don't do that again. You'll wish you hadn't. Then he stood up, flicked his iron to rock and roll and gave the little zero a long burst through the Playboy mag. Man, it blew him clean off the dock -- Hell, just the magazine was floatin' there all full of holes.
Yeah -- typical A.R.V.N.
He was working A.R.V.N. patrols and had one a them little cocky gook asshole Lieutenants -- anyhow, the Lieutenant took his new Playboy one day, sat on the end of the dock, and wouldn't give it back.
So what happened ?
Yeah -- you can really get hung up on them like the cat in the Delta.
It's really too much -- I mean I've collected every picture of her since she was Miss December.
You got to kill this sonuvabitch -- Lance and me, we don''t understand none of this -- Jesus, Captain -- I don't wanna die here -- Do it quick.
... he's an amazing officer.
I don't get it -- You said your mission was to kill him. Let's do it, an' get our asses outta here. This  Kurtz is ruining the war; I mean, this don't look good for America !
Yeah, I know.
This is evil -- evil, Captain. We're all gonna die here.
Sure.  Recoil... I feel the recoil of my rifle.
When you kill Cong, don't you feel something.
Not a thing.
He killed that guy without feeling anything.
Kurtz. I'm supposed to kill him, just like he said.
What are we doing here?
I know.
Captain -- they've been probed all this week -- Cong and NVA regulars. There's gonna be a big offense any time.
God knows.
Who's he?
Looks that way.
Charlie?
Yeah, it is.
That's a light down there --
Still got a lot of that stuff from Nha Trang. But we're running low on the other.
And the grass?
Less than half -- sure is a mess down there.
How much is left?
There's some bad holes, man, and the cracks -- water's coming through the cracks. Food's shot to hell.
That we're dumber than we look.
Whatdoya think it thinks.
Probably is.
I know it sounds stupid, but I feel like the goddamn jungle's watching us.
I don't know.
What do you see?
I don't believe you --
Chef -- since you're such a fan of Miss December's I think you should be detailed with Lance and Clean to take the first drum up there.
No shit.
I've arranged with those people we saw at Hau Fat to give us some 50 caliber in trade for a couple a drums of fuel --
They lined us all up in front of a hundred yards of prime rib -- magnificent meat, beautifully marbled.. Then they started throwing it in these big cauldrons, all of it -- boiling. I looked in, an' it was turning gray. I couldn't stand it. I went into radio school.
How?
Cook school -- that did it.
What are you doing out here?
That's right, sir -- I come from New Orleans -- I was raised to be a sauciere.. a great sauciere. We specialize in sauces; my whole family. It's what we do. I was supposed to go to Paris and study at the Escoffier School; I was saving the money. They called me for my physical so I figured the Navy had better food.
A sauciere --
No, sir -- I'm a real chef, sir -- I'm a sauciere --
Chef -- is that 'cause you like mangoes an' stuff?
Call me what, sir?
Why they call you that?
Yes, sir --
Chef.
I hate that -- Every time I hear that noise something terrible happens.
Arch light.
No -- most of 'em are still standing -- might've been disease.
Flood.
Said I speak French like a Spanish cow.
What'd he say?
Thirty meters up, Lance; I saw the fucking flash.
Elevate Lance, in the tree. No, I saw another.
Mangoes? There as a fucking tiger in the woods -- I could've been eaten alive. I'm never going into that jungle again. I gotta remember never get out of the boat; never get outta the boat.
You forgot the mangoes, didn't you?
I'll go with you in a while -- judt hold tight awhile --
Can I go get those mangos now?
Looks pretty shallow.
Who knows? Right.
Which way? Right or left?
Two hours after the fog lifted, we moved slowly to a spot we thought was roughly a mile and a half below Kurtz's camp. We approached a long sand-bank stretching down the middle of the river.
If they have boats ... or canoes... they'd get lost in the fog. We can't move either -- we'll end up on the shore.
Will they attack?
Listen.
What is it?
Listen.
Yeah -- like keep out --
Signs?
Whoever put'em there didn't do it to kill people -- They put 'em up as signs --
Thta's not Charlie's work --
Why -- Charlie put it there to kill --
While you were sleeping.
When'd you do it?
Rocks, sand -- those two men who deserted.
I am -- I'm Captain B.L. Willard. This is Chief Warrant Officer Phillips -- it's his boat. We were shot up bad downriver and need repairs and food -- we can pay you in gold.
I --
We're Americans.
They're not Cong.
In the middle of the jungle -- a goddamn light.
What the hell is it?
Get in there now or I'll bury you in this river.
This is my crew and my fucking boat, and I'm the responsible party.
Get in there !
This whole area is lousy with V.C. -- We don't stand a chance. Lemme turn around and we'll be in Hau Fat in six minutes.
Well, get in there.
I think this river wants to take us home fast. I'm practically goin' in reverse.
Can't be any worse than this. What do you think?
Who knows what's up there?
What about ducking into one of those tributaries till this river slows down?
We found some bodies -- let's get out a here.
Wow, you must a found the C.O., eh?
No shit -- hot damn --
You'll see soon enough -- get going, sailor --
What're you trying to say, Captain --
All right I got a little surprise for you --
Careful,  Captain, they've been known to charge.
I'll go with him --
Yeah, Chef -- go ahead -- take Lance with you --
The draft of that river might be too shallow on the point.
We could go in tomorrow at dawn -- there's always off-shore wind in the morning.
First Air Cavalry. They're the ones gonna get us into the River.
Yeah -- fishing village -- helicopters over there. Hueys, lots of 'em.
Where ?
Smoke !
Beats me -- the sun was too much for him, or the mud. Who knows ?
Shot himself. What for ?
'Bout six months ago I took a man up to Lo Mung Bridge. He was regular Army too. Shot himself in the head. I brought his body back down.
We're gonna have some help to get in the river. You know these waters, Chief ?
The Delta closes off to us about ten  miles out of Hau Fat. We'll be able to pick up some supplies -- bit I think there are only two points we can draw enough water to get into the Nung River. It's all Charlie's turf from there on out.
Let's go.
All right with me, I used to drive a taxi.
Chief, try to keep out of where we're going -- Why we're goin' and what's gonna be the big surprise.
I met the P.B.R. crew; they were pretty much all kids, except for Phillips, the Chief -- Gunner's Mate Third Class L. Johnson -- Lance Johnson; Gunner's Mate Third Class J. Hicks -- The Chef -- Radio Operator Second Class T. Miller; they called him Mr. Clean.
I wonder if that was the same copter.
Jesus -- that guy's too damn much.
I saw that Colonel's Huey on the point --
Clear on starboard -- Where's Lance an' the Captain?
Forget that extra drum -- it's too damn hot.
He's in the L.B.J. -- didn't give him no medals or nothing --
They nail him for it bad ?
Yeah -- he really dug his Playboy mag, man -- I mean like he was there when it arrived -- He just knew.
I never heard about that.
One that went up for murder -- he was an Army Sergeant.
What cat  ?
Too far inland.
Anybody see some smoke ?
Terminate with extreme prejudice.
Terminate ?
Exactly -- you'll go up the Nung River in a Navy P.B.R. -- appear at Nu Mung Ba as if by accident, re-establish your acquintance with Colonel Kurtz, find out what's happened -- and why. Then terminate his command.
You want me to clean it up -- simple and quiet.
You can see, of course, the implications, if any of this -- even rumours leaked out.
Touchy.
Ours.
Our Recon flight ?
Maybe it's not Kurtz. I don't believe he's capable of that. I just don't believe it.
What does that mean ?
Anyone got a cigarette.
You didn't like him.
Maybe.
Would he remember you ?
I only met Kurtz once.
Whose orders ?
If you're B.L. Willard, 4th Recon Group, we'd like you to come with us.
What do you want ?
No, it'd be spooky without the war -- give 'em back.
Charlie?
Spooky.
We ain't goin' down the river.
You got a chance in that boat -- by morning you could be five miles down the river.
Nobody comes in here.
What're you askin' me for -- put 'em in the first helicopter comes in tomorrow.
It's to everyone I really knew -- the first girl I screwed -- my brother -- best friend -- I wanted to tell 'em how much I enjoyed knowing 'em -- it's been a great twenty years. I gotta let 'em know.
What is it?
Do me a favor buddy, please.
Yeah, it still runs.
Hey, buddy, that boat still runs, eh?
Yeah.
Colonel Kurtz, he's dead.
Yeah.
They must have seen the fire.
How did they know?
He was the tragedy -- the tragedy of this war.
Who is he?
NVA regulars. They're coming again tonight. Tet -- their big -- assault.
Charlie?
What -- happened here.
Maybe.
Well, he's killing now.
He couldn't get through a sentence without all these big words; about why we kill.
But why ?
I don't know. He was a lame, that's all.
About what ?
This is years ago, before he joined Special Forces, I guess. We had an argument.
A lame ?
I thought he was a lame.
He's commanding the detachment at Nu Mung Ba.
Yeah.
I've worked with them on occasions and I saw the movie , sir.
You know much about about Special Forces; Green Berets, Captain ?
I am not presently disposed to discuss that, sir.
I believe on your last job you executed a tax collector in Kontum, is that right ?
No, sir.
This gentleman or myself ?
No, sir.
Okay, Willard, sit down.
Captain B.L. Willard, G-4 Headquarters, reporting as ordered, sir.
We endure, captain -- you can blow up the house and we will live in the cellar -- destroy that and we'll dig a hole in the jungle and sleep on it. Burn the forest and we'll hide in the swamp. all the while, we do but one thing -- clean the blood off our bayonets.  Au revoir, Captain.
I guess this is whAt men of war do -- eh?
Your daughter.
Two of my men deserted last night. It happens from time to time. I assume my daughter told you of our conditions.
What about an American named Kurtz?
When I was a boy, my father would take me there, to hunt. There are a few savages, but no man can live there, no white man.
Do you know that jungle?
Upriver? Why upriver? There is nothing there, only jungle.
I always thought the French came here to get the rubber.
But we civilized it. A place belongs to those who bring light to it, don't you agree.
The Vietnamese think it's theirs -- I guess the Americans do, too.
We will never 'evacuate', Captain -- this is our home. Indochina is ours; it has been so for a hundred and twenty-one years, there is something to say for that.
You'll get blown outta here some day.
Captain?
Of course. I -- Once we make our repairs, we could send word, we could have you evacuated from here.
Attacks repulsed, as I was saying.  This is only  for this war, Captain. Viet Cong -- 54; North Vietnamese regular forces -- 15; South Vietnamese -- 28 -- regular forces and otherwise.  Americain -- 6. Of course, they were, perhaps, mistakes, Captain.
No, I've seen those in Normandy. This is much better.  My country -- my country could never originate this. Magnificent.
Looks like a two thousand pound to me. Yeah, a two thousand pound bomb.
It is very good -- there is no current -- It is very good. I have never seen one like it in all Indochina. I was in Paris when it arrived -- do you know what might have caused --
Of course, Captain -- an unfortunate necessity.
A habit of men of war, sir -- you understand.
A man of war is never bothered to aid an ally -- you will follow me, Captain.
We don't want to bother you any, we --
We took them from the dead.  Now -- I assume you want to rest, to shower. We'll attend to your repairs after dinner.
American weapons?
Entirely unnecessary, Captain.
As I said, we can pay you in gold.
Fifty calibers, eh, Captain --
Yeah -- yeah, I can understand how you feel.
Yeah, I'm an artist, goddamit !
What?
The wind --
Napalm, boy -- nothing else in the world smells like that --
What?
You smell that.  You smell that?
Sure -- fine --
They far enough?
I think we ought to wait for the tide to come in.
You think that section on the point is ridable, Lance?
I said it's a good swell -- hell of a good swell 'bout six feet. Let's get a look at it.
What, sir?
Good swell.
That's terrible -- we'll change that -- I'd like to see you work -- I've always liked your cutback; got a hell of a left turn, too.
I haven't surfed since I got here.
Where've you been riding, Lance?
You can cut out the sir, Lance -- I'm Bill kilgore -- I'm a goofy foot.
Thank you, sir.
It's an honor to meet you Lance. I've admired your nose-riding for years -- I like your cutback, too. I think you have the best cutback there is.
That's right, sir.
Lance Johnson? The surfer?
Gunner's Mate, Third Class -- L. Johnson, sir.
What's your name, sailor ?
You want'a surf, soldier?
It's still pretty hairy, sir.
Change -- get out there -- I want'a see if it's ridable -- change.
Wh -- what?
Change.
Six to eight feet.
How big it is?
It's hairy ,though. That's where we lost McDonnel -- they shot the hell out of us. It's Charlie's point.
Why the hell didn't you tell me about that place -- a good left.  There aren't any good left slides in this whole, shitty country. It's all goddamn beach break.
It's really long left slide, breaks on the short side of the point -- catches a south swell.
What do you mean?
Boss left.
Mike, you know anything about the point at Vin Drip Drop?
Take her in low, Lieutenant.
Affirmative, Big Duke Six -- We're even got some rockets left.
Eagle Thrust Four -- Big Duke Six. Join me in sparaying some trees.
Big Duke Six to Baker Delta Four -- hold -- we're right over you.
This is Baker Delta Four -- Captain hit bad -- need dust-off. Receiving heavy automatic weapons fire from huts about thirty yards to our left.
Haven't got time, Hell's Angels -- lay it right up the tree line.
Hell's Angels Four to Big Duke Six -- we'll need green smoke -- suggest you have the FAC mark it.
Big Duke Six to Hell's Angels Four -- bring it in on along tree line and huts.
The kid can't ride sloppy waves.
It's gonna blow this place out. It's gonna ruin it ...
Yes, I know.
You know, some day this war's gonna end..
It'll get here, soldier.
I'm waiting for the fucking boat, Colonel.
The trees, eh...
Automatic weapons flashes along those trees -- probably eleven millimeter guns and AK-47's.
Sonuvabitch -- anybody hurt?
The enemy. Who else?
Who?
Fucking savages.
Yeah. Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it.
Music?
We'll come in low out of the rising sun -- We'll put on the music about a mile out.
What about this point here?
You'll find enough Cong up there.
You talk like him. I don't mind taking casualties, Captain, but I like to keep my ratio ten to one in this unit -- ten Cong to one.
I met him.
And I don't intend to get some of them chewed up just to get your tub put in the mouth of the goddman Nung River. You say you don't know Kurtz?
So? I heard you had a good bunch of killers here.
I mean it's hairy -- they got some pretty heavy ordnance, boy -- I've lost a few recon ships in there now and again.
Hairy ?
That village you're pointing at is kinda hairy.
He musta changed !  I got to get into the Nung River, here or here.
Don't you agree?
I met him.
Seems to me he got himself fragged. i heard some grunt rolled a grenade in his tent. Maybe a rumor. Helluva man -- remarkable officer. Walter Kurtz woulda been a General some day. General of the Army. Shit, Head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Did you knew Kurtz?
Who knows.
'Bout a year ago? Is Kurtz still alive?
When did you hear?
Nu Mung Ba. Last I heard, Walter Kurtz commanded a Green Beret detachment at Nu Mung Ba.
No. They put out two or three for every one I needed. When you get to the one you'll use, you just stake it out. If something feels wrong, you just pass it up. On one mission, I had to pass up three and ended up living on rats and chocolate bars.
Can you trust them?
Mercenaries -- agents, traitors -- they put out caches.
What'd you do for supplies?
No. Walked.
Haiphong? Shit, you jump in ?
Haiphong.
What's the furthest you been in?
I got bored in Saigon.
Why the hell you wanna go up to Nu Mung Ba for?
Just hold up a second, Captain -- I'll get to you soon enough -- We've got things to do here.
My orders are from Com-Sec Intel -- B.L. Willard, 4th Recon --
Yeah -- Na Trang told me to expect you -- we'll see what we can do. Just stay out of my way till this is done, Captain.
Captain B-L. Willard, sir -- 4th Recon Group -- I carry priority papers from Com-Sec Intelligence 11 Corp -- I believe you understand the nature of my mission.
I'm taking you back.
Yes...
You had immense plans... immense plans...
My river... my people... my jungle... my ideas... my country... my wife...  ... my death.
I was on threshold of great things.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
I had immense plans.
I'm taking you back. You can still live.
Going back  - to the jungle to die.
What are you doing?
Go away -- hide yourself.
We'll exterminate the fuckers !
I'll tell you what makes sense ! Air strikes ! White Phosphorus ! Napalm ! We'll bomb the shit out of them if they don't do what we want.
Fuck no.
You could never figure it because it doesn't make sense.
Stinks. I could never figure --  I could never figure how they can teach boys how to bomb villages with napalm -- and not let them write the word 'fuck' on their airplanes.
Oh Captain, that is so true.
I think think a lie stinks.
Because of all the things we do, the thing we do best -- is lie.
How did we get here?
You know what you're doing? You are interfering with my plans !
No water.
Gimme water.
The truth that you were sent here to murder me, ans so far you haven't done it. And do you know why?  Yes, you know why.  Your mission makes about as much sense as those idiots who sent you on it. Asshole ! Schmuck ! How long does it take you to figure out that nobody knows what they're doing here.  Except me.
What Truth?
Pain is easy to handle -- but nobility.. the nobility of a man is judged by how much Truth he can handle.
I can handle it.
How's yours?
How's the pain?
Still playing by the rules.  You're a damn good kiler.
You can't have water after morphine.
No -- I don't want to sleep. I want to think. Water. Give me water.
No. My thinking is clear.  But my soul has gone mad.
You've gone crazy.
I love it.
Yeah, I like it...
Do you?
That's right, the little gook- pricks. But they are noble little gook-pricks, noble. Because they fight with their guts, like animals. And for an idea ! That's rich. We fight with ingenious machines and fire, like Gods, and for nothing. But I'll call in a major blotto airstrike tonight. We'll have ourselves a helluva airstrike tonight, a lightshow. How do you like The Doors': 'C'mon Baby Light My Fire...'
You're gonna get hit tonight, bad -- a whole regiment of NVA regulars.
I said get the fuck out !  I'm going to kill the little weirdo myself tomorrow.  He's only stayed alive this long because he's a good orderly and medic. He knows how to use a hypodermic.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can see that. He's fuckin nuts --
Yes.
Do you know me?
You know you're right.
What other reason could you have come? A Captain. Ranger. Paratrooper. Graduate of the Recondo School. Am I right about these things?
What do you mean, Colonel?
You came up my river -- in that small boat. So simple. I always thought the final justice would come from the sky, like we did.  You are the final justice, aren't you?
No -- no, sir.
You were not coming here, to see me?
We were attacked -- down river. We need supplies and medical help.
Why did you come to ... my province.
Captain B.L. Willard reporting his presence, sir.
I'm Kurtz.
Colonel Kurtz, I guess.
Yes I was... He said his last words to me.
Were you with him, when...
His death was -- yes, he died as he lived.
Men looked up to him...  He died as he lived...
Both of us...
I'll never get over it -- But I'll always remember him...
Yes, I know...
You were his friend... You must have been, if he had given you this...  If he sent you to his home. He was the best this country had -- he was --
You knew him best.
Love him... Yes, it is true. That's the hard part for me... I knew him better than anyone ... I knew him best.
He was a remarkable man. It was impossible not to --
And you admired him?
You get to know each other pretty well out there.
Did you know him very well?
Bring your rifles, that's all.  Take us to him.
What?
No -- leave it --
The other one --
I wasn't looking.. I was running.
You think?
No shit... I think I shot the hell out of him.
What's this tiger shit?
It's a feeling you get in the jungle. When you get good, you can find a track and tell not only how many they are, but their morale, how far they're going, whether they're near their camp, the weapons they're carrying.
And you could just tell when the supplies were booby trapped?
Sure.
Captain -- that was all true about the rats and chocolate and stuff?
He's a man who knows what he wants -- he does know what he wants.
A Yater spoon is hard to get -- especially here.
I don't think he'd of shot us on the beach but -- he'd of shot us if he saw me taking the board --
Any time -- us -- Americans.
When?
You think he'd of shot us?
No -- I don't think so. But it'll be back. They were circling. It'll be back.
You hear it again?
He didn't look like he'd take that sitting down.
Maybe we better stay in under the trees till dark -- we got his Yater.
Yeah, Jesus Christ !
This one , Lance?
The Yater -- the clear one with the thin stringer.
Which one's the Colonel's?
No -- no, Captain.
Then let's get the hell out of here.
Nah.
Want to say goodbye to the Colonel?
Yeah... thanks.
Are you finished surfing?
He can't kill us.  We're on his side.
He'll kill us.
Just something I read in the Free Press.
What's that?
Maybe he'll get inside the tube -- where -- where they can't see him.
What?
Maybe he'll get tubed.
It's of strategic importance for keeping the highway into Bat Shan open -- the generals don't like to admit that Bat Shan is surrounded.
What is this bridge?
I'd just clear out as soon as I could if I were you, sir. They're gonna start working on the bridge with torches again. Charlie will start throwing it in hard --
We'll be needing some supplies and fuel -- do you know anybody who can give me a hand?
Now I can get out a here -- if I can find a way out.
Why?
You don't know how happy that makes me, sir.
Captain Willard -- we got these from Nha Thrang two days ago -- they expected you here then --
That's me.
Captain Willard?
I'm not ever goin' to tell you to shut up again.
His name is...
Who are you?
And shut up.
Right on -- he's been waiting for --
We're going ashore. Tie her up -- and leave your guns up, Lance.
Those heads, yes. Well, the rebels...
Is that where he is? By the shrunken heads.
No, Colonel Kurtz couldn't be crazy -- if you heard him talk, just last week, you'd never think he was crazy.
Sounds like he's gone crazy.
I've asked myself that question. I said to myself, why didn't he shoot me? He didn't shoot me, because I had a stash like you wouldn't believe. I hid it in the jungle; the wealth of the Orient: Marijuana -- Hashish -- Opium -- cocaine -- uncut Heroin; the Gold of the Golden Triangle. and Acid -- I make Koolaid that makes purple Owsley come on like piss. Now I'm Kurtz' own Disciple -- I listen he talks. About everything ! Everything. I forgot there's such a thing as sleep. Everything. Of love, too.
Why didn't he shoot you?
But lemme tell you, he is the most dangerous thing in every way that I've come on so far. He wanted to shoot me. The first thing he said is, 'I'm going to shoot you because you are a deserter.' I said I didn't desert from your army, I deserted from my army. He said, 'I'm going to shoot you just the same.'
Kurtz. I tell you, that man has enlarged my mind.
So Kurtz is alive.
Pre-Australian, actually. But I'd dig goin' to California. I'm California dreamin'.
You're Australian?
Simple. They don't want him to go.
Why did they attack us?
Oh, you don't talk to Colonel Kurtz.  You listen to him. God, these are good. I kept these people off you, you know. It wasn't easy.
Where's Kurtz? I want to talk to him.
This boat's a mess.
Then Philippe will have to kill all of you.
What if I say no.
You may think what you wish, Captain, but I like you very much.
So that's it.
Whe you reach the boat you will find that half your fifty calibre stores -- a case of grenades, a mortar and two M-16's and a case of clips are being transfered to us by your order.
I'm afraid I won't have time -- I gotta --
The river is beautiful.
Are you warm, Captain?
But Captain, I mean -- cannibals.
I know.
Did you know -- deeper in the jungle, upriver -- there are savages?
Yes.
Gaston would never tell me. It was asubject not to be spoken of, Captain.
What things?
That strange things.. terrible things have occured around this American, Kurtz.
What did you hear?
Yes.
Kurtz.  I know you've heard of him.
What's a big question?
I just follow my footsteps, one at a time, trying to answer the little questions and staying away from the big ones.
What will you do after the war?
No. Not really.
Do you miss your home, Captain? Have you someone there?
The war will still be here tomorrow.
I should be checking on the boat.
Cognac?
I'm sorry to hear that.
You must realize, Captain -- we have lost much here -- I, my husband. Gaston -- his wife and son.
We were going upriver when we got caught in a storm, ma'am.
May I ask where the Captain is going in his little boat?
No sir, I think -- this'll be a little bit different --
This -- Bob Hope or the like --
Big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff --
What show ?
I do.
Well who the hell verifies that ?
Right now -- I am.
Well, you know I don't have the priority to do that, sir. It says here not to contact Com-Sec- Int. Who's your commanding officer ?
They're in order -- it's perfectly clean -- just check with ComSec- Intel like I said.
I don't know anything about these papers, sir.
C'mon --
Straight up the road -- a concrete bunker -- Beverly Hills -- where else you think he'd be?
What?
Beverly Hills --
Where's your chief supply officer?
Son of a bitch, sir.
You came right to it, son of a bitch --
I don't know -- don't have any idea -- I'm just the night man --
Well , who's in command here?
Stepped on a booby trap, sir -- got blown all to hell --
Soldier -- where''s your C.O.?
Anyone got a card?
That's 27, sir.
So they can patch me up and put me in a cage?  Forget it. Meyerling's right -- I'm a dinosaur.  Greedy bastards like him, it's their turn with this land.  Put me in the woods, let me live or die on my own.
215  CONTINUED:
175  CONTINUED:
Relax.  I got a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose.
150  CONTINUED:
Remember that demon in the gut? Sometimes it's nothing more than wondering if the so-called civilized life has bred the balls and brains out of you.  That's what you want out of this, isn't it?
139  CONTINUED:
What makes you so sure my boys won't be waiting for us?
134  CONTINUED:  
First you save my ass, now you want to kill me.  Make up your goddamn mind.
Used to see the natives eating roots when I was a kid in Nome.
134  CONTINUED:
Inside of three hours you'd be dragging my dead carcass.
117  CONTINUED:  
107  CONTINUED:
You talk about ecology -- there it is.
Wait 'til I'm across!
102  CONTINUED:
89   CONTINUED:
See the blood?  Pack of wolves took down a moose.  Greedy, gut-ripping sons of bitches.  I'd kill the last wolf on earth, right in front of the President of the U.S.  Stinking, cowardly predator, the wolf.
Mind if I get some stuff from my kit?
34   CONTINUED:
Now, why don't you get around to saying what you want.
30   CONTINUED:
23   CONTINUED:  
Hard to work up an interest in politics, way we live.  You're the first people we've seen in two weeks.
Needs patching.
23   CONTINUED:
You can pack out of here -- two, three days' hike along this river at most.  Weather should hold this early in the season.
20   CONTINUED:  
Keep back.
212  CONTINUED:
Your infrared camera?
184  CONTINUED:
168  CONTINUED:
You'll catch a chill by that dumb waiter shaft.  Sit on the cot.  Keep this pointed at him if I get preoccupied.
I'd sure like that favor you offered a while back.
165  CONTINUED:  
There isn't one, unless Corbett's men get here before the plane does.
165  CONTINUED:  
157  CONTINUED:
...I won't let a killer walk!
How?  Nobody this far north monitors that frequency until avalanche season.  Besides, I'm surprised a tough guy like you uses fancy electronics.
119  CONTINUED:  
I just want this over with.
113  CONTINUED:
It'll be interesting, trying to build a fire without any wood.
95   CONTINUED:
94   CONTINUED:  
Let's go.
I'll get you there all right.
48   CONTINUED:
43   CONTINUED:
Avalanche season is coming.
Back against the bars.  Now.
39   CONTINUED:
28   CONTINUED:
A certain sonofabitch bastard -more-
Question is why they sat here when the storm moved in.  Check their stuff while I sniff around.
27   CONTINUED:
26   CONTINUED:  
Watch it with Meyerling.  Man's as mean and corrupt as they get. Cut his mother's throat if it'd get him a couple votes.
I was making my rounds, saw your hangar wide open, plane getting rained on, so I closed it up.
26   CONTINUED:
Wasn't my intention to hurt Wilder.  I'm telling you the truth.  I liked the man.  I only meant to get loose... to survive. Your cheechako boyfriend better understand that.  Listen, I've got some money put away --
I don't want to talk any more.
You should know something.
That's why I left, moved to Washington.  When I met Eric I was doing day shoots -- products and fashion, mostly.  Pretty dull.  Eric was teaching college, and then he got the job with Northland Oil.  We wanted to stay together, so we talked them into funding some wilderness photography... and here I am.
What about you -- why come back? Classy girl like you seems more suited to the finer things.
I was gone, in September, laying traplines.  She went to our cache for some meat.  Got mauled by a bear.  Tore open her skull. -more-
How did she..?
Had some good years.  Met her in '66.  She showed up one day in Coldfoot.  No one knew her.  One Sunday morning, she marched into a bar and announced she was available as a wife to the highest bidder.  Didn't work out in three months, she'd return the money and leave, no hard feelings.  My bid was eight thousand dollars.  Beautiful girl.
Oh.
She's dead.
Had?
Knew you had no native blood, even with your dark hair.  Blue eyes give you away.  My wife had blue eyes.
My dad was a Navy doctor.
Can't be.  Too keen a sense of this place in your pictures.
Six months.
How long have you been up north?
It's out by the pumping station, shot full of holes.
Why?
Really.  I thought maybe that was his snowmobile outside.  By the way -- your truck also 'on the fritz?'
Sam?  We haven't seen him.
What about that hotheaded marshal, Sam Wilder?  I heard he was in the middle of this mess.
Somewhere along the pipeline.
Where'd you say Eric is?
The radio's on the fritz.
What happened here?
-- Corbett's a killer.
-- Get this straight: I'm the District Supervisor.  Whatever you do reflects on me.  It wasn't my idea to bring you people up here, but I'm stuck with you. You are absolutely not to involve yourself in any local disputes. Whichever side you take, you alienate the other.  Mr. Corbett is quite well-known in this region.  People admire him --
I was hoping you had some news --
I have not, but I very much want to.  What do you know about the trouble in Devil's Cauldron?
Have you talked to Eric?
My home is here.  With you.
When you ran off, I thought you'd keep going 'til you were back home in Washington.
I've got an idea.  We'll have to work fast.
Technology in the wilderness. Only problem is talking to you on your way to the landing strip.
Nothing broken.  C'mon, we have to hurry.
You're hurt.
I'm staying.
Please, Anne Marie, you being here only complicates things.
So what's the problem?
Here.  A transport plane is due at eleven.  Once I put him on it, it's all over.
Where's Corbett?
I'll tell you everything later.
What's going on?
You can't stay here.  Go back to the Turtle.  I'll meet you back there in a few hours.
Oh, Christ, sweetheart.  Four days!  I thought you were dead, or worse.
That's my line.
Be careful, okay?
Fairbanks is a three-hour flight. I'll be back by dinnertime.
Maybe you should drive him into Devil's Cauldron, let them decide what to do with him.
Wait a second.
Let's go.
Come here...
High-tech in the wilderness. Gets me excited, too.
Not me.  I'm equipped.
Prolonged darkness makes people crazy.
Winter.  Two straight months of night -- we may never get out of bed.  Which would suit me fine.
I thought I should check our emergency transmitters.
I still can't believe I'm being financed by an oil company. Especially when they get a look at these pictures.  Technology in the wilderness; not too pretty.  What's that?
Do I want to be with you permanently?  Yes, I think I do. But be with what you do and the way you live?  That I don't know. C'mon, Eric, until I met you, coming back to Alaska was totally
-- Permanently?
Look, why get into this again. As long as it's working, let's leave it alone.  It's been nice so far.  We're together --
It's exactly what you meant.
That's not what I meant.
You make it sound like a prison sentence.
I'll wear it for you.  And I can wear it when we go home.  We won't be here forever.
You were looking at it in the catalog.  Don't know where you can wear it...
Oh, sweetheart.  It's beautiful!
Can't help myself.  Corbett's type always pisses me off.  Oh, I found this at the post office.  Had your name on it.
Going after killers isn't the same as chasing poachers, Eric.
He was sitting in a hot tub with a hooker.
Was there any trouble?
Sure did.  He was one of the trappers we rousted from the Haul Road.
Did you catch Corbett?
No way can he get away with this. I'll be back by tonight.
Eric, leave it alone.  It's not your business.
I'll go into town with you.
The little creep hates it that Eric actually does what the company hired him to do.
Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us.
I call it 'the Turtle,' as in carrying your home on your back.
I bet you haven't had lunch.
Thanks.
Bastards took off, though, didn't they?
Great idea -- pointing a lousy dart gun at some nut with a high-powered hunting rifle.
Be careful -- there're two of them.
Stay here.
He still might be around.  I saw fresh tire tracks coming in.
What are you doing?
Be right back.  I left my camcorder in the car.
He's coming around fine.
Leave my traps.  We'll tag up, couple days.
Okay by me.  You're the one likes these hot springs so much.
Go ahead.  Take the jeep.  I'll come to Cache with Bob when he gets here.
I know.  Least you didn't shoot all of them.
Had no choice...  ...Given the situation.
Relax.  I just want to ask them how the hunting is.
Let's keep going.  We're only an hour from Devil's Cauldron.
Leave it here.
You're wrong.  Everything we do leaves its mark.  You said it yourself -- there are hundred- year-old footprints in the tundra.
Look down there, tell me what any of this matters.  Struggles of men get swallowed by the bigness. Soon there won't be a trace of our troubles... or us.
We'll get you to a hospital, soon as we get to Fairbanks.
Like I said, I'd still be up on that mountain, frozen solid, it wasn't for you.
How come you didn't let him shoot me?
Let's get out of here.
Wound's a through-and-through. Missed my liver, I think.
Can you walk?
The time has passed for men like them and me.  I know it.  But they're still fighting for survival, like cornered animals. That's why they'll kill you. -more-
Why offer a buyoff with your gunmen waiting outside?
Snow's to their advantage, kid. You can't see them, but soon as that plane comes, they'll sure as hell know where we're going. Wise up.  Take me to the Yukon. I'll give you that money and guarantee you'll walk away.
You kill me, you sign your death warrant.  And hers.
Answer and I'll shoot!

Shut up!
Maybe you can talk sense into your boyfriend.
No way they'll find you on a five-minute signal.  And no way -more-
Lets us watch each other's backs over a wide area.  Only thing messed me up this time was getting arrested in the baths. ELT was in my duffel bag, not around my neck where it should've been.
Emergency transmitter?  What happened to signal mirrors or two-tone smoke fires?
You're damn lucky, glimpsing this country before it's ruined, gone for good.  You saw wonders you'd only dreamed of.  That alone makes you different than the sorry bastards back where you came from, because you have dreamt them.
I liked you better frozen.  You didn't talk so much.
You were real resourceful out there.  Got me thinking of this perimeter man, froze all his fingers one winter.  So he hacked the tips off and sharpened the exposed bones.  Gets along better than ever.  Yeah, maybe I underestimated you.
I'm sure she's fine.  Seemed like a clever kid.
You broke the radio, remember?
Talk to that good-looking girl of yours?
Hell, I still get a knot in my gut every season, wondering how much longer I can go on.  No 'Home for Retired Trappers' that -more-
Maybe...maybe not.  I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk.  That's why I want to work on the front lines, where what I do means something.  Soon as I got here, I realized my job was bullshit.  Oil company propaganda.  I was ready to leave, then I thought screw it, I'll outsmart them, do the work anyway.  I don't know anymore.  Maybe I am fooling myself.  That's what I'm afraid of most of all.
You don't know how true that is.
I already have.
Don't bet on it.
They think you're in Fairbanks. If not, they still won't find you before the plane comes tomorrow.
Cowardly bastard.  I'm in handcuffs and I still scare the piss out of you.
Don't push me..!
I'm real sad you don't approve of me.
What do you know about people? You live like an animal!  A savage goddamn throwback like you belongs out here, as far away from the rest of us as possible.
All you do is keep folks from working the land, living like they're meant to.  You don't understand shit!  Trappers, hunters -- we're part of the environment.  Who's protecting us?  I've seen plenty like you.  So -more-
Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here.
Don't judge me.  You're a joke, coming here from a fucked-up culture, telling us what to do!
You got a knack for seeing things the way you want to see them.
Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things.
Told that's what our old man was. Planned on going to sea, me and Bob, 'til I read Jack London. Started trapping when I was ten. Mailed the furs to Sears.  Eight bucks for a skunk, three for a muskrat.  That was fine money.
Nome?  I figure you'd be a whaler, coming from there.
Hate to disappoint you.
An appetite.  Maybe you won't die after all.
I'm hungry.  Go kill me some dinner.
Too bad.  We'd be out of here in a few hours.
It was blown up with the plane.
You got one?
Emergency transmitter?  All your gear is back at Wilder's.
Where's my ELT?
Stay still.
It's a spring day...
You don't feel cold?
What?!  Fuck off.  Save yourself.
How many do you see?
Told you I'm fine!
If that means freeze my balls off, no thanks.  I'll be okay.
Stay awake!  You want to go hypothermic?
You're not going to slow us down! Keep moving!
Have to get these wet things off.
You don't get it, do you?
There's a snowmobile. Inside a day we could be on the Yukon.  I got money there.  Remember that five thousand?  Make it ten.  Be smart.  Take it and walk away.
Too bad we're heading west.
There's a cabin, maybe twenty miles south of here.
Yep.  Sometimes they do, but usually they end up crazy or dead.
Yeah?
Folks come to Alaska for a real short list of reasons:  Money. Adventure.  Solitude.  Those cover most everyone.  But frontiers also draw another type of man.  One with a demon in his gut.  He comes to the edge of the world to face that demon, and lay it to rest.
You want to fool yourself about that bullshit job, fine.  Damn shame you have to drag your girlfriend along.  You think a woman like that will be happy making moose stew for a man -more-
I'm here to do my job.
Sure love to know where you fit in up here.
Sure.  The People's Friend.  Kiss your ass with precision if there's a vote in it.
You know Meyerling?
Where in hell Meyerling dig you up?
I'm still figuring: You're either real brave or real dumb.
It could blow over tomorrow, too.
Damn lucky this storm didn't blow down when we were on those baldheaded mountains.  It continues, we better stay put.
Going to be a bit of a challenge with handcuffs on.
Forget it.  It would take days.
Have to backtrack, find another way down.
Pushing it is flat wrong.  All you prove is your ignorance about breaking trail.
We've got another two hours of daylight.
Let's camp.  There's grayling under this ice. I'll snare some for dinner.
It wasn't my idea to crash the plane.
Most dangerous thing in the world: A regular Joe, in over his head.  You trying to prove how tough you are for me, or for yourself?
I'm right behind you.
Be my guest.
I've been on ice like this when I was a kid, skating.  Spread your weight, keep moving.  Go on.
We get wet, we freeze to death in a couple hours.
We're not sitting here 'til November.  There's a cargo plane coming to Devil's Cauldron in four days, and I'm putting you on it.
Ice is too thin -- you can see the water moving underneath.
-- Turn around.
Still quite a hike to Devil's Cauldron.  Days.  A long stretch to go without sleep, my friend.  You can hide behind that pistol for now, but take your eyes off me long enough to sneeze --
Snow shelter.  Okay.  You dig. I'll have a little sit-down.
We'll stop here, dig out a snow shelter.
I don't plan on dying.
Why in hell you care enough about me to die taking me in?
Look, take these cuffs off.  We need to work together.
That's right.  You're not.
I'm not gonna carry you out of here.
You sound like the tourists. Know-it-alls who read about survival in a magazine.  Fuck you.  You won't make it off this mountain.
With light clothing and no supplies, this is nobody's territory.
I took the odds on getting down in one piece, and I made it.  Now we're in my territory.
Next time you want to kill yourself, don't include me.
You got the belly to look me in the eye and pull the trigger?
Stay put!
Hunting and trapping was a damn fine life.  Me and Mitchell, Bob and LeMalle, we were teams.  I'd always go with Mitchell.  Good man, Mitchell.  I'd let Bob worry about goddamn LeMalle.  We'd hire a plane in October.  On the way to a dirt airstrip somewhere, we'd drop supplies.  We'd land, tell the pilot to come back for us a few days before Christmas.
Sounds like professional jealousy.
That makes the flight more interesting.
I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks.
Been driving long?
Smart?  Sure.  That's why I'm sitting in this plane and they're down there blowing me kisses.
How the hell were they smart enough to find us?
-- Killing is what you know.  Pack some food while I prep for the flight.  I'm sure not gonna let him go.
Surviving is what I know --
Send him down to her.  There's money in my duffel bag, back at his cabin.
A daughter in Oregon.
Does he have people?
-- To take you to jail?  It'll be my pleasure.
A lot to ask, dragging him away from such a good-looking girl --
Yeah.  Maybe so.
Nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out your jeep window.  See you again, maybe.
Ecology.  Folks use that term for everything but what it means: who's eating who.
Six months.  Ecological study for Northland Oil.
New to the country, kid?
Desmond.
No big deal.  We just got off on the wrong foot.  What's your name?
Kenai at the general store asked me to bring these.  Didn't expect we'd already met.
Yep.  Afraid you have me at a disadvantage.
Ben Corbett?
I got your plate number, asshole. Maybe you feel like spending a few months in jail.
Can't be much of a crime, if all they got minding the area is a cocky kid.
You got two counts against you -- trapping out of season and poaching on restricted land.
Nothing personal.
I'm not too old to knock the snot out of you!
I don't want to hurt you, Sam.
Goddammit, I don't need this aggravation.  I'll shoot you, Ben.  Bank on it.
Good idea.  Flying over mountains can give you some nasty surprises.  Go too low, one of the clouds might have a big rock inside it.
You better get some sleep.
Don't try me.  I'll kill you if it comes to it.
I'll get loose before that plane comes.
If that was all, fine.  But carving him up, stranding the others, that's too fucking much. Is everything that walks, crawls, flies or swims fair game to you?
Sam, listen -- I shot to defend my man.  Other guy drew first.
Sam, give Dixie here fifty bucks out of my kit, will you?
I got it from here.  Thanks.
Christ if I shouldn't know better than to step in soft earth.  I've seen footprints in the tundra a hundred years old.
You left a footprint at the Sportsmen's camp.  Only pretty sight there, Ben, 'cause the two men you didn't shoot and mutilate died of exposure.
All this for laying traps on private land?
But I would.
You wouldn't shoot anyone...
No, I better stay at my post.
Can we buy the Marshal some dinner?
I'm living proof of that sad fact.
Relax.  One more day without drink won't kill you.  Right, Sam?
Just passing through.
Ben...boys.  Yeah, real slow, and I'd like to keep it that way.
Hullo, Sam.  Slow day?
If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand.
-- Forget it.  And try not to bleed on my throw rugs.  Why do this?
-- Here's a hundred dollars.  And if you or anyone else will back me up on this --
Pretty clever:  If the trappers got that signal beacon and get here in time, Sam's is the first place they'll look.  They may figure you're waiting for an airplane, so you can't stay in the shack by the airstrip.  Last place they'd expect you is on the far side of town.  I can't afford any trouble --
Will you rent me a cabin, or not?
What's the problem with Sam Wilder's place?
I need to rent a cabin.
You're an outsider, Mr. Desmond. Step aside; stay out of it.
Neff, you know better than this...
-- Sam Wilder was my cousin. He's why I came to Alaska.  All his letters, saying what a paradise it is.  But me ending up dead won't do Sam a lick of good.
You don't care enough about Sam to --
I'm real sorry.  In a while, you're gone from this country. But we live here.  No one wants to mix it up with those hombres.
There'll be three, four men at the most.  I have some backup, nothing will happen.
Bastards killed Sam, you think they won't kill the rest of us?
What are you talking about?
Look, Mr. Desmond, I didn't count on it turning this ugly.
I'm the one should be sorry... Goddamn Kenai, always out for a score.  I never should've let him go over there.
Yeah.  Sorry I barked at you last night.
I was just on my way to your ladyfriend's, but I guess she found you.
Just stay out of my face until I'm gone!
What's wrong?
Corbett ruined my two-way.  Go to my place on the Haul Road, tell Anne Marie I'm okay and to sit tight.
Jiminy Christmas.  What do you want from me?
-- I'm putting him on the plane to Fairbanks, eleven tomorrow.
If Corbett's men find out --
Back at my place... he, uh, broke his leg.
-- Here?!  Where's Wilder?
Look, Neff, I've got Ben Corbett with me --
Not a damn thing.  What's going on?  Mr. Meyerling was here, all steamed up, looking for you.
Have you heard anything from the girl staying with me, Anne Marie?
You don't mind me saying, Mr. Desmond, you look like hell.
Snowplow, generator, TV dish... hell, we get the goddamn Playboy Channel!  Here, this is for you.
Sure.
Mr. Desmond!  Arthur Neff.  Area rep for the Federal Assistance Plan.  Tell the boys in DC to keep those goodies coming.
This isn't your concern.  It's over, here and now.
Fuck you.
Nobody wants any more killings; we all agree to that, correct?  That's good.  Now, Eric, you're gonna hand your prisoner over to us.
Some day these people'll wake up, and you'll be the first one they'll run out of here.
This miserable wilderness is a state of the union.  Policy's made here the same way as in the civilized world: at the ballot box.  That's the beauty of it -- these icebox cowboys are living a century too late.  Get them on your side, it's like buying Manhattan for beads.  With a handful of votes you control the greatest frontier since white men stumbled onto the New World.
I should release Corbett because you want some votes?
You can't see past your lousy little assignment, sniffing around the pipeline.  The few voters there are in this district look up to Corbett, and I'm not about to alienate them.
What does this matter to you?
Alleged killer.
I could've sat tight for the transport, 'til Bob came poking around.
That's what we should've done in the first place.
...You give us a ride in the Cessna you got hangared at the pumping station, we'll be in Fairbanks in a few hours.
Any idea who could've done it?
I'm too old for this shit.
We'll go with you.
Damn.  Likely that's an SOS. Have to pass on that lunch.
Hey, Sam, look over there.  Black and white smoke.
Mobile Arctic Dwelling -- MAD.
What'd you say they call these spaceships?
-- We appreciate the company. Anne Marie's getting cabin fever already.
Bet you're right.  But I didn't come by to wangle a meal --
Aw, Jesus.  Told you this was trouble.  What about you, big shot?  Do something.  Who's side are you on, anyway?
Dead.  Trappers killed him.
Dixie's waiting at the infirmary. She'll put a splint on that injured leg.
He saw you and Corbett come in...
Stay out of it.
Corbett coming here stinks of trouble.  We should make the best of it before it turns around and bites us in the ass.
You're out of your greedy goddamn mind.
Bet I could make some money turning Ben Corbett in.  Maybe more for lettin' him loose.  I was up in my cache.  Saw the Northland man come talk to you.
Why the smirk?
I just as soon he stay gone. Fool could've got us all killed, arresting Ben Corbett here in town.
Wilder's missing church services; you believe it?
Doesn't matter.  We know where they're going.  C'mon.
Kenai's PA -- but how the fuck she seein' us?
Ease off.  We do this my way.
You hear me?  Ben?
I'm right fuckin' here with you.
Look, we pull Ben's ass out of the fire, I'll get you a whole damn crate of Snickers bars.
Quit fucking around.  Get in.
Thought that door was open last night...
Not in the right hands it ain't.
What you gonna do with it?  Large bore's for shit on small game.
I ain't gonna leave a seven- hundred-dollar Remington behind.
Cool out.  I ain't about to get blasted.
Go easy.
Maybe they went back to Devil's Cauldron.
It's a three-hour flight.  They shoulda got there yesterday.
Get the fuck out of here.
I called the cops in Fairbanks, see when Ben is standing trial. They don't know shit about Ben or Wilder!
It's a long shot.
There you go.  Wilder's always chummy with the fuckin' Bambi-lovers.
Goddamn!  Viking Bob!  Mitchell's inside, boring bastard...
LeMalle.  We got a problem. Where's Mitchell?
They'll have to come right past us.
There's what they're waiting on!
Where's the kid?
Musta wanted to keep him from the bears.  If Ben killed him, he sure as hell wouldn't hang him up like this.
It's Sam Wilder!
We were just talking about him.
Okay, let's backtrack, try to pick up his trail.  You know the kid out on the pipeline that Wilder's buddies with?
That plane might've been to throw us off the track.  Remember the bait-and-switch Wilder pulled with the Eskimo and his truck?
Naah, Wilder knows we got friends in town.
Hang on...  Remember that Cessna we saw at the pumping station on the Haul Road?  Belongs to the guy they got patrolling the pipeline.
Closest planes for hire are here in Cache.
Meaning he'll need a plane.
Musta never got a chance to -more-
...Ben never sent a signal.
So shoot him.  Won't have to feed him that way --
This man's friends ain't gonna look favorably on his incarceration.
Sit your suspect out in the cold. He'll keep.
Next plane's not coming 'til next Monday.
On a good day I couldn't spare a crosswalk guard.  But now, no way.  Folks're batshit with the weather turning sour.  Bring him in yourself.
This is Sam Wilder, Marshal in Devil's Cauldron.  Had some killings here.  I got a suspect; be real nice if someone came and took him off my hands.
Everybody wants that, dear -- it doesn't exit...  Sorry... didn't mean to interrupt.
Stop it!! Why can't I have a normal boyfriend??? Why? Get out of here. Just a regular boyfriend who doesn't go nuts on me...
I love you.
Call me as soon as you're settled.
Well, maybe he has nice friends.
Stop treating this like I'm going away with a man. He's just going to say those crappy, sick, complaining, angry things to me. I hate this, Mom -- I hate this. He's a freak show -- the worst person I ever met.
How was it talking to him?
I want us to go out.
What is it you want? What?
Leave me be! Why are you doing this? Why are you picking at my sores... What is it that you want?... You want what? What's with you? I hope getting me thinking of everything that's wrong when all I want is to not do this has some purpose.  What is it, Mom? No kidding.
Spencer's doing fine. So what are you saying, that you're frustr...
... moving in the wrong direction... Away from when I even remembered what it was like to have a man to... anything... hold fucking -- sorry -- hands with, for Christ's sake. I was feeling like really bad that Dr. Bettes is married.  Which is probably why I make poor Spencer hug me more than he wants to... Like the poor kid doesn't have enough problems. He has to make up for his mom not getting any.  Oh, boy. Who needs these thoughts?
Go ahead.
I don't know... It's very strange not feeling that stupid panic thing inside you all the time. Without that you just start thinking about yourself -- and what does that ever get anybody. Today, on the bus there was this adorable couple and I felt myself giving them a dirty look -- I had no idea everything was...
I don't need one 'cause I know what's really going on here. I have to finish this letter or I'll go nuts.  This can't be right -- con- science.
Spencer is okay. You'd better start finding something else to do with your free time. If you can't feel good about this break and step out a little...  You ought to get Mr. Udall to send you over a psychiatrist.
I still don't feel safe leaving Spencer with someone. How do you spell it again?
C-o-n-s-c-i-e-n-c-e. I got Sean from the bakery to baby-sit so let's go out.
I'm on the last page. How do you spell conscience?
You're not still writing that thank-you note?
Come on. Why fight when we know how it will come out. This isn't like stocking or a string of pearls. You don't send this one back.
It lets a crazy man into our lives.
Do you really want to go back to the runt doctors in Emergency who keep telling us they can't help?
There is a seriously goofy man behind this. You are not allowed to block out that fact.
You met the gift.
Huh?
I didn't know you had a secret admire.
Uh-huh.
Do you love me?
Stay out of this...  Doctor?
He's good...  And I'm an expert on doctors.
No, I didn't.  So why are you h...
Hi...  Did you know there are doctors who come to your house?
Not bad.
Don't be silly. How bad?
I'm sorry.
They're considerable. But Mr. Udall wants to be billed.
Doc!!!  So listen, you gotta let me know about the additional costs -- one way or the other we'll...
No.
Water...  Nobody told you it might be a good idea to remove the carpeting and drapes in Spencer's room?
Do you want some juice or coffee or two female slaves?
His home number.
Me. My home number is on this card.
Once the tests come back, is there someone I can reach in your office for the results?
No. Actually, I think that's their technical name.
Fucking H.M.O. bastard piece of shit...  I'm sorry...  forgive me.
It's amazing these things weren't done.
No. I asked. They said it's not covered under my plan. And it's not necessary anyway.
They haven't done the standard scratch test. Where they make small injections into the skin?
No.
Have they done skin testing for allergies?
Emergency room only.
Only in the emergency room or when he was well.
Yes.
Have they done blood tests on him?
Since forever.
How long has he been having problems?
I'm a waitress.
My wife is Melvin Udall's publisher.  She says I have to take great care of this guy because you're urgently needed back at work. What work do you do?
Tell me how bad it is. I let him go out last night when it was so cool without an overshirt -- just and underone with just the straps and I know better...  and I let him talk me into it. He was whining and...  you don't need this. Give me a second to catch hold.
He's in the bathroom...  He's fine.
Not your name...  what are you telling me your name for!! Where is he?
Mrs. Connelly. I'm Martin Bettes ...  Dr. Bettes.
What? Please? Now? Tell me?!
I'm gonna grab you.  I didn't mean it to be a question. I'm gonna grab you.
No! It's certainly not. No -- I don't think so. No.
Just let me talk.  I'm the only one on the face of the earth who realizes that you're the greatest woman on earth. I'm the only one who appreciates how amazing you are in every single thing you do -- in every single thought you have... in how you are with Spencer -- Spence...  ... in how you say what you mean and how you almost always mean something that's all about being straight and good...
You know what? I...
Hey, I've got a great compliment for you.
Melvin, even though it may seem that way now -- you don't know me all that well...  I'm not the answer for you.
I'm feeling... I've been feeling better.
Okay.
If you need an excuse, there's a bakery on the corner. There's a shot it'll open soon -- that way we're not screwy -- we're just two people who like warm rolls.
See. It's four in the morning. A walk sounds a little screwy to me, if you don't mind.
It feels a little confined here. Let's take a walk.
Maybe we could live without the wise cracks.
Oh, come on in and try not to ruin everything by being you.
Boyfriend?
It relaxes me... I'd feel better just sitting on the curb in front of your house than anyplace else I can think of or imagine.
Because...
I had to see you...
Is it a secret what you're doing here?
What a break...
I wasn't asleep!!
What are you doing here?
Were you asleep?
What job?
... 'Cause of being woken up, and it would make my job impossible. So then I wouldn't even try.
Grouchy?
'Cause if you were asleep -- I'm sorry. And you could be grouchy.
What do you want?
Were you asleep?
What do you want, Melvin?
So long.
Okay. Good-bye.
I should've danced with you.
Go ahead.
Okay to say something now?
You don't have to answer everything I say. Just listen to me. Okay?
Cute.
See. There's an example. I don't know whether you're being cute or crazy now.
The two might go together.
I don't know whether I'm being sensible or hard on you.
That seems like a good choice.
I can trust my brain.
How you doing?
Yeah... Well...
Hello.
I don't care what you did for me. I don't think I want to know you anymore -- all you do is make me feel badly about myself.  You have my number.
I'll take you... why not?
I'll take a bus.
Here are the keys to my apartment. I'm going to park you in my place while I take Carol home.
It's your car but I don't want to hear it. If that means anything.
This one has a special meaning.
I don't.
What do you mean? You said you liked it.
I don't want to hear that music right now.
Do it then. Get the dog picked up. I can't believe you let it stay there.
Let me see... Ahh, gorgeous!
Nothing like no choice to make you feel at home.
To hell with sex.
Sorry, didn't realize she was right there.  Did you have sex with her?
It was a mistake.
I'll never forget you said it.
I don't know why I brought you -- that idea occurred to me is all... It came out first... Hey, you kiss him -- me... He says he loves you. You two hit it off. But you don't want to... fine... Forget what I said about sex with Simon. It was a mistake.
That's why you brought me? Look at me! Is that really why you brought me... Like I'm a what and I owe you what?!
It's one idea...
Sex with Simon?
There are lots of reason... I had a thought that if you had sex with Simon it might...
If you ask me... I'll say, "yes."
Tell me even if you're scared. Tell me why you wanted me here. It's okay.
Well, ah... that's a personal question.
That wasn't payment. When you first came into breakfast, when I saw you -- I thought you were handsome... Then, of course, you spoke... So now that your soft li'l underbelly is all exposed. Tell me, why did you bring me?
You don't owe me that.
Here's the trouble with never.
Never.
Have you ever let a romantic moment make you do something you know is stupid?
Takes months to know... They work little by little.  Talking like this is exhausting.
So how are you doing with those pills? Well, I hopahopahopa.
Then I've really overshot here 'cause I was aiming at just enough to keep you from walking out.
That's maybe the best compliment of my life.
I don't quite get how that's a compliment for me.
Don't be pessimistic. It's not your style. Okay... Here I goes... Clearly a mistake.  I have this -- what? Ailment... And my doctor -- a shrink... who I used to see all the time... he says 50 or 60 percent of the time a pill can really help. I hate pills. Very dangerous things, pills. "Hate," I am using the word "hate" about pills. My compliment is that when you came to my house that time and told me how you'd never -- well, you were there, you know... The next morning I started taking these pills.
I am so afraid you're about to say something awful...
One baked -- one fries.
Fries.
Two crab dinners and pitcher of cold beer.  Baked or fries?
Can we order first?
And mean it...
Okay.
That's not compliment, Melvin... That's just trying to sound smart so I feel stupid... A compliment is something nice about somebody else... Now or never.
That monominute somebody gets that you need them they threaten to go away. Never fails.
Melvin, pay me a compliment... I need one and quick... You have no idea how much what you said just hurt my feelings.
No. Wait. What? Why? I didn't mean it. You gotta sit down. You can still give me the dirty look... just sit down and give it to me.
No...  ... I don't get this place. They make me buy an outfit but they let you wear a house dress. I don't get it.
And?
I've been thinking about that since you brought it up before.
You wanna dance?
You promised a nice place -- can't you just...  You have these dry cleaned all the time, don't you?
No... I'm not wearing that -- and just in case you were going to ask I'm not going to let you inject me with plaque either.
Just him and that's it. Okay, you can answer -- we've worked it out.
Stop asking everyone.
Dancing?
My son was outside playing soccer. I never saw him playing ball. Come on, you guys -- take me out for a good time... Take me out dancing.
Yes... sure.  I'll take the sofa.
No answer... Maybe we should just drive there tomorrow. Can I have that one?
No.
That's not true. Some of us have great stories... pretty stories that take place at lakes with boats and friends and noodle salad. Just not anybody in this car. But lots of people -- that's their story -- good times and noodle salad... and that's what makes it hard. Not that you had it bad but being that pissed that so many had it good.
Go ahead, Simon. Your father walked in on you and was yelling and... really, come on.
... my father didn't leave his room for 11 years -- he hit my hand with a yardstick if I made a mistake on the piano.
You like sad stories -- you want mine.
Hey -- you let him...
Anybody here who's interested in what Melvin has to say raise their hands.
Nonsense!
I'm sure, Simon, they did something real off for you to feel this way... But when it comes to your partners -- or your kid -- things will always be off for you unless you set it straight. Maybe this thing happened to you just to give you that chance.
Welcome.
Thanks, Melvin.
Let me go in back. You look like you need all the room you can manage.
I -- uh, I... Well, there is no place cards or anything.
It's okay. No problem. Where should we sit?
I was going to do that for you.
Hello... Oh, my God, who did that to you?
Thanks for being on time... Carol, the waitress, this is Simon, the fag.
Hi.
Oh. Okay, then -- Melvin. Good night.
Whether crabs are in season there now...
Okay, gotcha. What did you think I was going to ask?
Oh.  We might. Yes. We can. Let's.
There's... there's no need to bring anything dressy... or... I mean -- I didn't know if we'd be eating at any restaurant that have dress codes.
Just south to Baltimore, Maryland. So I know what you're going to ask next.  That you might ask -- I'm not certain.
Melvin... I'd like to know exactly where we are going.
Yes.
Are you still coming?
Hello?
No.
Is there another way to see it?
Are you saying accepting your help obligates me!?
Write me a note and ain't she sweet. I need a hand and where'd she go.
Funny, I thought it was a strong point.
What's that got to do with it?
Melvin, I'd rather not.
Bettes tells me he's doing fine.
My son.
You take off when you have to.
I can't. I work.
Two days.
The stiff one eye?
I can't do this alone. I'm afraid he'll pull the stiff one eye on me. I need you to chaperon. Separate everything but cars. You said you liked convertibles. Now I'm on the hook.
No, sir...
I want you to go on this trip.
Oh, I'm sorry... Didn't I say, "what?" I thought I said, "what?"... What?
Now I want you to do something for me.
Thank you.
Nice of you... thank you.
I also wrote one part... I wrote I'm sorry... I was talking about I was sorry when I got mad at you when you came over and you told my son that he ought to answer back so I wrote that.  I was sorry for busting you on that... and I'm sorry for busting in on you that night... when I said I was never... I was sorry and I'm sorry every time your food was cold and that you had to wait two seconds for a coffee filler...
Lovely.
Well, part of what I said in this entire history of my life which you won't read is that somehow you've done more for my mother, my son and me, than anyone else ever has... And that makes you the most important, surprising, generous person I've ever met and that you be in our daily prayers forever.
No... no thank you notes.
What you did changed my life.
Hey, what I did for you is working out?
Okay.
Yes. I'm going to give my queer neighbor a lift to Baltimore.
So. Anything else?
I want your life for a minute where my big problem is someone offers me a free convertible so I can get out of this city.
He wants me to take his car and his client to Baltimore.
Getting loud, getting loud.
A thank-you note for what you did for me.
What's this?
Yes.
So you'll be at work?
Just how grateful I am.
Okay!!!! Anything else?!?
I'm not kidding.
I'm not going to sleep with you. I will never, ever sleep with you. Never. Not ever.
What needs clearing up?
I don't think I can wait until tomorrow. This needs clearing up.
You waiting for me to say something?  What sort of thing do you want? Look, I'll be at the restaurant tomorrow.
But you do have some idea how strange that sounds??? I'm worried that you did this because...
To get you back at work so you can wait on me.
Why did yo do this for me?
Note. Put it in the note.
That's not why I'm here...  ...  though you have no idea what it's like to have a real conversation with a doctor about Spencer...
I was working...  can't you just drop me a thank-you note?
The doctors had your billing address. I'm sorry about the hour.
Yes.
Carol the waitress?
Uh, Udall?
No!!! Stay away from me!
Yeah, yeah...  any chance you'll get back to work today?
How ya doing?
Sorry, honey...  I'll be right there.
I hear you talk when I'm waiting!!!
How do you know about my mother?
What about your mother?
My son is sick, okay?
Yes, I do, as a matter of fact... and to prove it I have not gotten personal and you have. Why aren't you at work? You're not sick -- you don't look sick... just very tired and bitter.
What subject? That I wasn't there to take crap from you and bring you eggs? Do you have any control over how creepy you allow yourself to get?
I am trying to keep emotions out of this. Even though this is an important issue to me and I have strong feelings about the subject.
Are you totally gone? This is my private home...
This is not a sexist thing. If you were a waiter I would still be here saying...
What are you doing here?
I'm hungry.  You've upset my whole day. I haven't eaten.
You all set here?
Last week I was playing the piano for him and he likes it, and so I decide I'm going to make a little joke...
What's with the dark?
Okay, pal...  I accept the compliment, but go easy -- my knees start a-knocking when you turn on the charm full blast.
Otherwise, you're not ugly.
And if I had to guess by your eyes. I'd say you were kind. So, so much for eyes. But as long as you bring up age...  how old are you?
If I had to guess by your eyes, I'd say you were fifty.
Oh, please...
How old are you?
You know he's a little dog. Next time, if Bryan's not here, you can bring him in.
It's okay -- I'll sit here.
Sorry.
Well, not until now -- for Christ's sake.
You're not worried that someone might take him?
Suckered in. Set up. Pushed around.
So what are you doing with a dog?
Spence.
Okay.
Spencer.
His name?
An ear infection can send us to the emergency room -- maybe five, six times a month where I get whatever nine-year-old they just made a doctor. Nice chatting with you.
No.
He's gotta fight to breathe. His asthma can just shoot off the charts -- he's allergic to dust and this is New York and his immune system bails on him when there's trouble so an ear infection...  Is this bothering you?
What do you care?
What's wrong with your son, anyway?
Just give yourself a little pep talk. "Must try other people's clean silverware as part of the fun of dining out."
I see the help -- judgement call.
What's with the plastic picnic ware? Why not try ours...  afraid it isn't clean?
Okay.
Clippity clop -- clippity clop -- she has to pretend she doesn't hear me. Listening to the story from the upset friend...  now she drops off the cappuccino and smiles at the putzette who doesn't even say, "Thank you." No, the putzette wanted the whipped cream so back she goes and now she has to pass him again and it's getting tougher to make believe.
We're all gonna die soon. I will. You will. It sure sounds like your son will.
You're gonna die soon with that diet, you know that?
The table's fine if it had some cholesterol on it. Two sausages, six bacon strips, fries, three eggs over easy and coffee.
It's not your table. It's the place's table. Behave. This once, you can sit at someone else's station.
I've got Jews at my table.
I know. He's just the best.
Will you please take it?
I'm starving.
Don't want to. I love you.
I love you...  Let him take you home.
You think you're kidding.
One night with me!
I'll take care of myself --
But what about...
I just love her.  How're you doing?
We held each other. It was better than sex. What I need he gave me great.
All right, cut me a break.
That long neck -- the line of you... you're porcelain... your back goes on forever. You're classic... you're why cavemen chiseled on walls...
Thanks. But I just want to take a bath and...
But you're beautiful... your skin glows.
Stop staring. Do a vase.
I haven't even been thinking about sketching for weeks.
No... Absolutely not. I'm shyer than you think. I give the wrong impression sometimes and...
I've got to sketch you.
Good night.
Good night.
Can you believe in our little mix you're the good roommate.
How to die, mostly.
Why? What have you been thinking about?
Well, considering everything's horrible and tomorrow I have to face my parents... Don't ask me ... I'm sick of my own complaints ... got to get me a new set of thoughts.
I'm sorry... are you okay?
Uh-huh...
I'm going to take a big bath and order a big meal.
No!!!
I don't think so. You need help with the pants?
Can you not be violent?
Our room. I don't want to see him and he's not going to come knocking on your door.
Was this supposed to be your room?
What a nice compliment.
No... Nervous. It would be very rough, Carol, if you weren't along.
I don't blame you... This is a monumental first day out... You sad or anything?
No, let me pull over so I can pay full attention.
Well...
Yes. I really would.
Do you want to know what happened with my parents?
I'm sorry... I can't hear you. I can't turn my head all the way yet... tell her we can't hear her.
I don't know the last time I've been out of the city... Hey, my arms are tanning. I used to tan great. We gotta stop soon so'se I can check on Spencer.
Hey, elephant girl, call her or something...  just let her do my one meal here. I'll pay whatever. I'll wait.  Do it!!!
What the heck do you mean?
What are you trying to do to me?
I'm filling in. We don't know if she's coming back. She might have to get a job closer to home.
No. No. Get Carol.
What the heck are those for?
Yes.  No.
Shhhhhhh. I don't have this mountain of available time...  I got to get to my restaurant on time. Do you know how hard it is for me to be here?
I also regrew my beard...  but you're not interested in changes in me... so it's like I always told you...  when it comes to people you...
Two years ago...
You changed the room around...
I can help you if you take the responsibility to keep regular app --
You said you could help me -- what was that -- a tease?
There's not going to be a debate. You must leave.
Explain to me how you can diagnose someone as "obsessive compulsive disorder" and then act like I have any choice in barging in.
If you want to see me you will not do this. You will make an appointment...
Help!
So am I, Frank.
I'm sorry that I'm not taking you.
Yes. Your dog is fine, Simon.
You are very certain my dog is okay...  because you have no idea...
No, I promise...  not a chance. I own this guy. There was no one else. I'm on the move too much. Trust me.
How could you do that? He'll hurt him.
Your neighbor -- Udall -- is taking care of him.
So, what's new anyway? How's Verdell?
Jackie, will you hand me the mirror?
Hey, hey...  Haaa...  bad but temporary. The nurses say it's much better than you looked three weeks ago...  the hand will come back...  they're sure...
Won't worry about it. You go ahead.
He's genuinely upsetting, isn't he?
Last word freak.
If there's some mental health foundation that raises money to help people like you be sure to let me know.
Okay... so I'll see you tomorrow. Let's not drag this out. We don't enjoy another that much.
Like the wind but I'm not doing it.
Take my car -- a convertible. Do you drive?
Think white and get serious.
Yes. And tomorrow? I have a high maintenance selling painter coming through... So I'm out. Can you take him?
Yeah. If his parents are alive they've got to help -- those are the rules. Good.
It's not only financial assistance. What he's got to do is go to Baltimore tomorrow and ask his parents for money. It's not going to happen on the phone.
Concerned. I'm just the hall monitor here.
Yeah, but it's all about Simon now... you helped with the dog... And now there are other things. I'm just as concerned as you are about Simon.
About a dog.
Hey -- you called me... I...
"What?" Look at you... You sense a mark.
What?
It looks like it really went over. You're sure making the rounds. Simon says you brought him soup last night. I hope he doesn't write you a note.
Really nice. Shouldn't that be a good thing... telling someone, 'no thanks required.'
She's nice.
Do it.
I did. And his stomach is out of whack. So they need him for a couple of days.
Sure -- take him to the vet.
It's not my dog and this Simon seems to have enough on his mind -- but he did throw up twice and his spark is off.
Okay by me.
No. He wants him back. He'll be by tomorrow.
It's been five weeks...  another few won't kill me.
Simon's home. I was sort of hoping you could keep the dog until he's had a chance to think and adjust...
He's a pain in the ass.
How's Verdell doing?
You don't want to mess with me today. I'll figure something else out tomorrow.
Hey, where are you going? You can't do this.  I can't take a dog.  Nobody's ever been in here before.
Thanks for looking after him.
I'm not saying nothing to you.
You're taking him...  yes...  you're taking him -- this will clear the books. One night. You want to say "no" to me? Try...  because I've never felt as nuts as I do right this second. I almost want you to try saying "no."
Shhhh now. I like Simon. I like him enough to batter you unrecognizable if you verbally abuse him or so much as touch his dog again. Meanwhile, I'll try and think how you can make this up to him.  I hate doing this. I'm an art dealer.  Have a nice day. Party!
Police! Police! Fucking crooked police...  doughnut-munching morons help me!  Assault and battery and you're black.
You may think you can intimidate the whole world with your attitude, but I grew up in Hell. My grandmother had more attitude. You don't intimidate me.
No touch. No touch. No touch.
Hope you find him. I love that dog.
Definitely a package you don't want to open or touch.
What I know is that as long as you keep your work zipped up around me, I don't give a fuck what or where you shove your show. Are we being neighbors for now?
Simon, you've got to get dressed.
No, it's all right. I'll just watch.
Shall I get her for you?
Wait here.
Actually, I don't think so.
They require a tie and jacket but we have some available.
What?
Yes, we do... And I can give you a tie and jacket.
Hi. You have hard shells, right?
Good evening.
I'll be able to keep my apartment and studio, won't I?...  Just tell me.
Frank loves you. You know that... but I've spoken to him and he feels that --  -- as a businessman, with limited resources...
Well, I can't reach them.
The medical bill are 61 thousand now. I've spoken to your parents and they didn't hang up or anything -- they just said they would feel strange calling you.
See, he's right. I need the cards.  Simon, you're broke.
Terrify me?
Frank's idea. He thought I should have notes so I did this right... maintained focus, didn't get emotional and tried not to terrify you.
Sorry. What are those cards?
You little stinker. He's given you everything.
No. Please, don't force him.
I haven't looked at myself yet. I figured I could tell from your reaction.
How you doing, great one?
Where'd they teach you to talk like this -- some Panama City "Sailor want to hump-hump bar"? Or was today getaway day and your last shot at his whiskey. Sell crazy some place else -- we're all stocked up here.
You're a wonderful man. Two o'clock is a good time. Here's the key in case he's asleep. Open the curtains for him, so he sees God's beautiful work and knows that even things like this happen for the best.
Sure thing.
Not just today -- Uh, could you do it -- until, until he gets back on his feet?
Absolutely.
No! Would there be any way for you to be willing to walk his dog for him?
Is he dead yet?
We will if we can and if we can't, we'll come back and ask you again and again.
Ask him.
Oh, is he dead?
Just move on. No one here killed him.
What?
How come you're pretending to do cop work -- 'cause I don't think you could find your ass if you were spotted the hole.
Okay. So you call 911 and don't leave your name -- even a dumb geezer should know that emergency automatically pulls up your name. How come you make a mistake like that?
I forgot to lock the door.
What's wrong?
Okay. Thanks a lot. Here I go.
Then get in your jammies and I'll read you a story... I think you've got a chance. The only real enemy you have is her ability to think logically -- the best thing you have going for you is your willingness to humiliate yourself if it gives you one chance in whatever -- so go catch her off- guard.
Hey... I'm charged here. But she might kill me for showing up this late.
You know who you want. I'll take your seat any day. So do something... don't sleep on it... go over there. I don't think anybody should ever sleep on anything -- it's not always good to let things calm down.
Absolutely not.
But you know where you're lucky?
Well, if that's true then I'm really in trouble.
Picking on me won't help.
It was better than this... Look, you, I'm very intelligent. If you're going to give me advice or conversation or consolation or hope, you got to be better than you're doing. If you can't be at least momentarily interesting than shut the hell up. I'm drowning and you're describing water.
Did you like it that much?
I don't know... Let me sleep on it and figure it out.  Because I'm stuck! Can't go back to what I had... She's evicted me from my life.
Okay... you tell me why --  "You're dying here."
No... and you're supposed to be sensitive and sharp.
Because...  ... you love her?
I'm a great guy -- "extraordinary"...  ... and she doesn't want contact with me.  I'm dying here.
What did she say?
I'm coming.
You going to come talk to me or not?
Look, we both want the dog -- and...
Sorry, didn't know you were awake. I just thought Verdell shouldn't get too used to sleeping in here 'cause then...
I love you.
They did a nice job... Cozy, huh?
Thank you, Melvin. You overwhelm me.
What are you talking about?
I think you gotta camp it here...
Look, I've got to get a hold of Frank and see where I'm hanging my hat 'cause...
I told you to go on in.
Does it matter?
Another place where?
Good-bye.  Well, your luck is holding. They sublet your place. You're homeless. Frank's got a line on another place you can use for now.
I know. I'm a little bit nervous. Suddenly everything seems so easy. Carol, a load has been lifted.
What are you talking about? You got real problems.
I'm going back with you.
... Now he's going to want to stay. And they'll want to take a ride to the lake or whatever. So it's a good five hours back. It gives us a chance to take it easy and...
... so Mom. Truly no grudges -- truly. A little odd that you didn't come to see me when you heard I was hurt, but the important thing I want you to know is your son is happy. I'm working again. I'll make do -- I don't want a thing. Wouldn't take it if it was offered. I'll drop you a note from wherever I land and then it's up to you. I hope we patch things up but know that if we don't, I wish you both the very best... I can't hear you. You heard me, though, right? Good -- take good care. 'Bye.
I get why you're angry. It's no snap to explain why I was like that, but let's not try to do it on the run...
I give you that one...  Nice packing.
You consider your life easy.
Wouldn't your lie be a lot easier if you were not...
Melvin...
Do you ever get an erection for a woman?
Not at all, huh?!... Let's go to the hotel. And if you're lucky tomorrow Dad will give you another wad of sweaty money.
Not it at all, really.
This stuff is pointless.
Well, I always painted. Always. And my mother always encouraged it. She was sort of fabulous about it actually... and she used to... I was too young to think there was anything at all wrong with it... and she was very natural. She used to pose nude for me... and I thought or assumed my father was aware of it.
Never a break. Never.
That's very thoughtful.
Let's do the small talk in the car. Load up.
I, uh... I was... attacked. Walked in on people robbing me. I was hospitalized. I almost died.
Yeah...
But sick -- nauseous -- where everything looks distorted and everything inside just aches -- when you can barely get up the will to complain.
I haven't been sleeping. I haven't been clear or felt like myself. I'm in trouble. Some son of a bitch is burning my bridges behind my back...  But the tiredness -- boy...  Not just sleepy.
Got any easier questions?
I have never been so tired in my life. Okay, if I sit here?
Thanks.
I brought you Chinese soup.
Stupid dog.  I don't get it.
Would you leave now, please?
Yo, yo, yo...
Come on, sweetheart...
Now we'll both call him.
Oh, my gosh.
I carry bacon in my pocket.
Don't piss on a gift, tough guy. You want to know why the dog prefers me...  it's not affection. It's a trick.
Get out.
Well, I'll do one thing for you that might cheer you up.
No need to stop being a lady... quit worrying -- you'll be back on your knees in no time.
Rot in hell, Melvin.
Nellie, you're a disgrace to depression.
Nothing worse than having to feel this way in front of you?
Get out.
Where are all your queer party friends?
Please, just leave.
That cleaning woman doesn't...
Go away.
It smells like shit in here?
If you'll excuse me I'm not feeling so well.
Thank you for walking him.
Maybe I'll bring him some food by.
Verdell?
I called. I never touched you. I didn't leave my name or nothing.
Thank you. Verdell...  sweetheart?  By the way, thanks for saving me.
Could you take it just a little easy, Mr. Udall?
That's some face they left hanging on you. You look like...
Okay, then.
Yes. It's not a subtle point you're making.
Well, I work all the time. So never, never again interrupt me. Okay? I mean, never. Not 30 years from now... not if there's fire. Not even if you hear a thud from inside my home and a week later there's a smell from in there that can only come from a decaying body and you have to hold a hanky against your face because the stench is so thick you think you're going to faint even then don't come knocking or, if it's election night and you're excited and want to celebrate because some fudge-packer you dated has been elected the first queer President of the United States... and he's going to put you up in Camp David and you just want to share the moment with someone...  don't knock ...  not on this door. Not for anything. Got me. Sweetheart?
No...  actually, I even shut the phone off and put a little piece of cardboard in the ringer so no one can just buzz me from d...
Do you like to be interrupt when you are danging around in your little garden?
No, I didn't.
Do you realize that I work at him?
Did you... do something to him?
Well, that's a load off.
I found Verdell, Mr. Udall.
Maybe this can wait.
Yeeeess!!!
'Love was... '
Mr. Udall, I'd like to talk to you please.
Franks shows my work, Mr. Udall. I think you know that.
How're you doing?
Frank Sachs -- Melvin Udall.
Like thick molasses, with one of those wide noses perfect for smelling trouble and prison food...
Which color was that?
I got it. You're talking about your dog. I thought that was the name of the colored man I've been seeing in the hall.
My dog... you know... I mean my little dog with the adorable face... Don't you know what my dog looks like?
What's he look like?
Mr. Udall... excuse me. Hey there!  Have you seen Verdell?
I think of a man and take away reason and accountability.
How do you write women so well?
Aw come on, just a couple of questions -- how hard is that?
Oh God, this is like a nightmare.
That somebody out there knows what it's like to be...  in here.
What's it mean?
I can't resist. You usually move through here so quickly and I have so many questions I want to ask you. You have no idea what your work means to me.
No. No. No. Hey, that painting in there...  I just want to tell you...
Why are you doing this?
Please!! NO!!!
Just a second -- he has to go.
Wait -- I want to see the painting.
Yes...  well, there's one more stage -- trying to figure out if it's any good.
So you're practically finished, huh?
No...  Okay. What I do is watch and wait for, um... You ever watch someone who doesn't know you're watching...  an old woman on a bus, kids going to school and you see this flash come over them and you know immediately that it has nothing to do with anything external -- that it's in respond to a private thought they just had? They are just sort of realer and more alive. And when you notice it so are you. If you look at someone long enough, you discover their humanity.
The fact that you haven't said, "hold it" means I haven't done it right...  is that correct? I haven't done it right?
Nothing. I just watch till something strikes me. Do anything you think of -- try different thing. Until I say, "hold that pose." Then just try and comfortably hold it.
How about that pose?  This is not fun...  Give me some direction.
Exactly what is your previous experience?
Bain!
Game over, bitch!
Now I'll tell you something.  It wouldn't fucking matter if I offered you one hundred million dollars. You'd still be thinking the same thing, that you're going to take me. And here I am, sitting through this, knowing it's bullshit, looking at you and the only thing going on in my mind, the only thing I can think is that, in just a few minutes I'm going to take you.
I'll tell you this.  After Cleveland, I thought I was lucky to be alive.  But now, here, I just realized that you were the lucky one.
Why don't you tell me.
You don't know a fucking thing about me.  You don't have the slightest fucking clue.
You would be.
You think I would be an idiot to pass up five million dollars.
What I just said, no assassin would say.  What I've said, only a mark would say.
Oh, yeah.
You understand what's going on?  It makes sense, right?
What?
Did you see how I did that?  Magic wasn't it?
Shit.  That sure is a lot of money.
That's right.
Five million dollars?
All right, Bain.  Pay attention, because this is where everything changes.
If you think you can take me, quit fucking bullshitting and try it.
Yeah you are and you hate it.  You hate the fact that your hand is shaking and mine isn't.  That you're sweating your balls off and I'm not. You've got fear and hate in your belly like battery acid, all because of me.
I ain't scared of you.
Listen to me, Bain.  Two days ago, you contacted your contractor, who told you that they knew when and where I was going to pick up the transferred money from MicroCell. You don't know how they got the information.  It bothered you, but you didn't care.  How do I know this?  Because ten years ago, I was sitting in that chair, as scared shitless as you are now.
It means that I'm going to tell you things, even though I already know that you're not going to listen to a God damned thing I say.
What does that fucking mean?
I knew the same way in ten years you're going to know.
How'd you know?  Just tell me that. How'd you fucking know?
I know you're going to jump.
No, no.  Wait.  You don't want me to jump.  You're going to jump.  I'm stuck back here until it's too late. Wham -- over!
There's a sand barricade up ahead; I'm going to ram this cab into it. The cab has an airbag, odds are good I'll survive.  But with this steel casing and bullet proof glass, odds for you are not so good.
What are you doing?
What?  What's okay?
Okay.
Bullshit.
We go around once.
So what happens now?
Who the fuck cares about Cleveland. Cleveland blows.  What kind of marks have they got here?  Greasy mobster, teamster or some hand job politician.  I want the money marks. I want the marks that you get.
After those cops, you'll never be able to come back to Cleveland.
Robert Bain, driving me!  Jesus fucking Christ!
Yeah, that's it.  And he's like a fucking genius.  They said he shaded you over and over.  And in the end, he aced you again.  Shaded and faded.  They say he's living on some Greek island, but I say that's fucking bullshit.  I say you're the best and that you planted his ass. Am I right?
Tachlinkov.
Oh!  I got a question.  Jesus, this has been driving me crazy for years -- shit, listen to me.  I sound like some fucking fanboy.  I'm sorry, but I just got to ask you.  Everybody talks about how you left the Agency and got into the business and then how you went after the Russian, Nicholai Talinkov --
We both know what you were doing.
You don't have to tell me that. It's just, I know my bid was low, but was it too low?  I mean, did I seem like an amateur, like I didn't know what I was doing?
Sounds like chickenshit --
It's just a shoot-out then.  Sixty- forty, at best.  Not my odds.
Hey.  What I don't get was why didn't you take the shot inside the restaurant?  I mean you had me, a free shot.  That's what I would have done.
Two years.  Two long fucking years.
How long have you been freelance?
Bain.  Michael Bain.
Holy shit!  Robert Rath wants to know my name.
What's your name?  We both know it's not Nicholai.
Boy, that's fucking genius.  You're a fucking genius.  Then you're just sitting there, bullshitting with me. Man, no way I coulda done that!
Okay, don't.
No fucking way.
Sit back.  Put your seatbelt on.
The hell I can't.  It's my cab.  I don't like you.  So, get the hell out!
You can't --
Get out.  You think I'm running you up?  Get out.
What are you doing?
Just do your job.
What?  You think I'm running you up?
Yeah well, you just blew your tip, pal.
You're right.  Talking too much again.
That was Peterson back there.  That goes to the expressway for the airport.
What?
What are you doing?
I'd love to sit in that jury.  Send that S.O.B. right to the chair.
Probably.
But they caught the guy.  I heard it all.  Sounded like he just went berserk, fucking loco.  Shooting anybody.  Drugs, probably.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's terrible.  I mean Valli, and I don't care what office he's running for, the guy's a crook.  He probably had it coming, but all the other people.  Real sad.
No shit.
Didn't you here all them sirens? It's been all over the radio.  Some guy shot Leevio Valli, and a bunch of bystanders, in the Trattoria Roma.
Why?  What happened?
I know just what you mean.  I'm pretty beat myself.
Look, I'm real tired and I'm not interested in fucking chit-chat.
Not too good at small talk, eh?
What is this?
Where you from?
No.  No I'm not.
So you're from around here?
Uh, Fontella's
What restaurant?
What?
Where?
Yeah.  Yeah, I'm a waiter.
Right.
No.  No problem.  The airport, right?
Is there a problem?
Do you want Rath or not?
How in the fuck do you know that?
I don't give a fuck what you are.  I asked you --
Such language in front of a lady.
What?
They money will be standard bank transfer.  We believe we will know where and when.
No.  No.  No.  I don't believe it.
Michael?
You're too late.
I'm on the scent.
Take us there.
I'm sorry, sir.  A year ago there was a fire in the old Hotel Paraiso. This is the new Hotel Paraiso.
No, the other Hotel Paraiso, in the city.  Near the Plaza del Sol.
Yes.  This is the Hotel Paraiso.
No, no.  I said the Hotel Paraiso.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.  We have reservations at the Hotel Paraiso in Costa Blanca.
Sure.
Hi.  Up ahead my boss is in that black limo.  We're not sure which hotel we're at, so could you just follow them?
Paid in full.
The contract?
Hello, Robert.
Freelancer.  A woman.  Surveillance specialist.
Who is the mark?
Tomorrow.  The buyer is Japanese. His retirement a condition of the bonus.
Deadline?
I know.  It was a joke.
I don't know what the fuck you are.
The fucking contract!  How in the fuck did he know.
Know what?
How did he know?
A new player.  He's using the name Nicholai.
Who?
The contract was stolen.
What?
I'm worried about you, Robert.
Send the file.  I'll have the estimate tonight.
I don't believe you.
Sick.  The flu.
Where have you been, Robert?
We have an M.O... Her system is protected by her 'pussy virus.'
A player?
$1,000,000.
You think this is a fucking joke?
Robert?  Robert?
Is this how it went, Nick?
He stole another contract.
I give a fuck?  I'm done!  I quit! Do you fucking hear me!  I'm fucking gone!
It cost us.
I bet you fucking know!
I know what happened.
Fuck you, fuck Cleveland, and fuck your contracts --
I have been sitting on a contract from Cleveland for six days because of you.
Oh, God.  I see it!
He's coming, Electra!  Get out now!
Yes.
Was nice.
Last night --
What?
Electra --
Okay.
I'm taking off my mike.
Right.
Wait until he is on the stairs.
Shit.
I waited another four minutes.
What?
Four minutes.
Martin.
Martin.
I know.  That's why I'm attracted to you.  I mean, you make me nervous. You're intimidating.  Maybe it's my curiosity/self-preservation thing, but all I can really think about right now is kissing you.
I'm not normal.
That doesn't sound normal.
Why?
Maybe you should see a psychiatrist.
When I gave you my gun and you almost shot me.
Uh-huh.
Honestly?
When did it start?
No.
Were you attracted to me right away?
I'm not sure that I care anymore.
Is this becoming complicated?
After her, I realized that to survive I had to live without... It's dangerous to let things become complicated.
Was she the only one?
No.  I tried to stop it.  I couldn't.
Did you --
She was taken.
What happened to her?
Someone like me, like you.  A pro.
Who was she?
Yes.
It happened to you before?
It can be.
Attraction is a complication?
I didn't want to complicate the situation.
Is that why you didn't want to talk about women before?
Both.
Is it a physical thing, or a mental thing?
Why?  I don't know.
Why?
Yes.
Are you attracted to me?
Yes.
Am I attractive?
I'm sure you will.
Can I ask you something?
I'm playing white, remember.  You can't tell me which pieces to move. It doesn't work that way.
Because, I'll take it.
Why?
That's a ridiculous move.
What?
What are you doing?
He believed it all went back to one night, when as a little girl.  I watched my parents have this big fight, really big.  I thought my mother was going to kill my father. Then they went into their room and made up.  And I watched them make love through the keyhole.
Did he explain how this happened?
He told me that my curiosity became unnaturally entangled with my sense of self-preservation.
Apparently this doctor was unable to cure you.
So I could watch the girl that lived under me.
And you were drilling these holes...?
I don't know.  When I was in college, I was forced to go to a psychiatrist because I was caught drilling holes in my dorm room floor.
Why?
I know.  It makes me crazy.
It's always been that way.  The world has always functioned on two levels.
No?
No.
Isn't it interesting though?  I mean, look at us, in this room.  Or yesterday, when we were walking in the plaza market.  I mean, we look like just another couple.  But what are we?  Doesn't it seem so crazy?
Thank you.
She is married, but not to him. Another man, much older.  She has four kids.  The young guy works for her.  And I think she likes kinky sex.
I heard them last night and it made me want to know something about them.  I wanted to, so I did.
Why in the hell would you take that chance?
Nobody ever sees me.
Jesus, if someone had --
It was no big deal.  I saw them leave, I went in.
What?
I went into their room this afternoon.
How do you know they're not?
When I first saw them I thought they were married.
I didn't notice them.
Did you think they were newlyweds?
So?
They're worth less points.
I hate bishops.  They're useless.  I like knights.
Why did you trade a bishop for a knight?
Five million dollars will buy a lot of Rolaids.
I think I got one today.
No.
Do you have ulcers?
Yes.  Here I am again.
Ten years later, here you are again.
No.  I went back to the hotel.  And waited.
You didn't take it.
Then he offered me one million dollars to walk away, to quit the business.
Was that it?
He said I couldn't win.  That no one wins at this game.
What did he say?
He wanted what I want now; to get out of the business.  To disappear to some empty Greek island.
What did he want?
I waited until I was insane and then I walked into the bank.  He was sitting there, very calm, waiting for me.
What happened?
Yes.
Ten years ago.
It wasn't planned or premeditated. I swear.  Things happened beyond my control.  I understood; I saw where they were leading and I suppose that it just made sense.
I don't believe that.
I don't know.  It just happened.  I was here ten years ago, I'm here now.  That's it.
What is it?  I don't like this at all.  What is going on here?
You killed him here?  In this city, outside that bank?
Yes.
For Nicholai?
Ten years ago, I sat there in that same hotel window, sweat pouring off of me waiting --
I was.
You can't know for sure, how can you?  I mean, you're not him.
I told you, he will.
Except, if he doesn't come out of the hotel.
What?
Except --
I've been thinking about it for a long time.
Sounds pretty well figured out.
Five million apiece.  You get on your plane, I get on mine.
We split the money?
I'll be walking out of the bank, unarmed.  You'll have the gun and I'll drive the car.
You'll have the money.  How do I know that you won't --
If things go well, I don't have to. You'll already be in a rented car waiting for me.
And with the mikes, I'll tell you when he leaves the hotel and you'll tell me when he leaves the bank.
That's right.
That means you won't have a gun.
He can't.  The bank has an expensive security system; metal detectors and X-ray machines.
What?  What if he brings it with him?
He won't be able to.  He'll have to go inside.  He'll have to see with his own eyes, whether or not I am there.  If the bank closes, he won't know for sure.  He'll come.  I'm sure.  And when he does you'll go into the hotel, go upstairs and take the gun.
Why won't he wait until the bank closes?
The sun will be low, almost dark, the air cool and the bank will almost be closed.  5:45.  5:50.  He will put the rifle down, he will get up and he will walk across the plaza to the bank.
It will take the entire day, but he will begin to doubt himself.  He will begin to believe that he missed me, that somehow I slipped by and am already on a plane to Europe.
Aiiee.  More waiting?  I don't know if I like this plan.
Then, we wait.
Okay.  Then what?
You'll be here.  A restaurant.  A public place far enough away that he won't notice you, but with a good enough view you'll be able to see him when he moves inside.
No.  It would be amateur.  A risk. He'll wait for the prime shot, that he knows is coming.  Once I'm inside, he'll move to the hotel. He'll go up the back, too much traffic in the front.
But he won't shoot you right then?
He will be hidden somewhere out here, probably somewhere low, in the crowd.  He'll stay there until he sees me enter the bank.
Check.
This is the bank.  This is the hotel.  In the morning I will enter the bank.
Fine.
It's too late now.  Okay?  We'll have to deal with these.
They saw you coming a mile away.  If I had known we'd be using --
I paid a lot for these.
Cheap as shit.
Transmits and receives.
Two way?
You should.  It's very important, that the body release the energy that builds in it.
I've always wanted to learn something like that.
Thank you.
Not that I would know, but you look like you're really good at it.
Taiwan.
Where did you learn it?
The beach?  It was nice.
How was the beach?
Sorry.
You should knock.
Book.  Sunglasses.  Great.
He won't be looking for you.  Just be careful.  Buy a book.  Keep your sunglasses on.
Really?
Okay.
I know what you are thinking.  I'm not going to disappear, okay?  I'm not going anywhere, just down there, to that beautiful beach.  I got to get out of this room, just for a little while.
Why don't you bring it out here? It's beautiful out here.
Breakfast.
I don't know... But I'm sure he's not sleeping.
What do you think he's doing?
Yes.
In Costa Blanca.
Here?
Do you think he's here?
You can have the bed.  The chair is fine for me.
I'm kind of tired.  I think I'd like to try and get some sleep.
That sounds nice.
I don't know... maybe I'll live on a boat, sail to all the places I've never been.
What will you do if this works, if we get the money?
What happens if you do?
No.
Not even a stalemate?
No.
But you've never figured out a way to win.
Yes.
Do you think about the game?
Work.  The things I need to get done.
Oh.  What do you think about?
It helps me to focus.  It centers me, helps me think.
Why not?
No.
I wasn't expecting this.  I need to think.
What?
That's where he'll be.
You were there?
I don't know.
I've never been to the Gulf of Mexico.  Is it as nice as they say?
Nothing.
About?
Thinking.
Hey, where are you?
Mexico.
Where is it?
Good.
Several.
Do you have a passport?
I don't.
You said you didn't trust it.
It.  Tell it.  For all I know it could be a machine.
No.  Something honest.
Is that what you wanted to hear? Something cold blooded... something remorseless...
Does that mean it didn't bother you?
This is fiction!  Don't you see that?  This is another reality.  And the people that come into the world to play this game -- nobody forces them!  They're here, they know the rules, the stakes, the risks!  Do you understand what I am saying?  No one is innocent -- including you!
That's fiction.
Did it ever bother James Bond?
Did it ever bother you?
They become complicated... messy.
After that?
No.  Just the first one.
Are they usually like that?
It was... mechanical.  Very precise. It was exactly like the training drill except for the adrenaline.
Because I want to know.
Why?
Yes.
My first take?
Tell me about the first time.
The only thing different about the private sector is that a General Contractor takes less of a percentage than the government, so you make more money.  Then once you make the transition, you realize you were never working for the government; it was always the private sector, the vested interests and it's the same vested interests that continue to buy your plane tickets.
Then you went freelance?
Yes.  It didn't matter much to them as long as I disappeared.
They tried to kill you?
The same reason everyone does.  You hear your name on C-SPAN and you realize you're a skeleton in someone's closet and they're coming to bury you.
Why did you leave the Agency?
Because you are a women.
Why?
Women... I don't... I don't want to talk about women.
Why not?
Women?  No... not really.
The exotic women.
They are very good at what they do. It's very seductive.  The training, the weapons, the travel --
Ahhhh...
Of course.  I was going to be James Bond.
But you knew what they were training you for?
No, they didn't.
They didn't give you a choice, did they?
No.  I graduated from George Washington University.  Then I entered the Agency training program.
You went from high school to the Agency?
I was just different.
Why not?
Some people said that.  I never thought so.
You were like a boy genius?
Languages.  I was already fluent in nine languages.
Jesus -- why?
They recruited me when I was in high school.
How old were you?
More or less.
The C.I.A.?
The same way everyone does; the government, the Agency.
How did you get into the business?
Yes.  As soon as you get into this business, all you can think about is getting to the top.  That's all there is.  Until then, there is nothing.  You are nothing.
Where you wanted to be?
Because that's how it works.  That's what it's about.  He was the best. He was on top.
Why?
I killed him.
He was killed.
He was... taken.
Why didn't you finish this game?
We played with a code using <u>The New</u> <u>York Times</u> obituaries.  Over three years we played twelve matches.  I never won.
It looks like white's game.
He was Russian.  Nicholai Tachlinkov.  A legend in the business when I was just starting. I admired him.  When I heard he loved chess I became obsessed with the game.
Had?
Better than playing with yourself.
It's not the same, is it?
With computers.
This is crazy.  I can't trust you. You can't trust me.  How can we possibly help each other?
Because I'm done.
Why?
No.
If Bain hadn't taken the contract on me, would you have?
What do you want to know?
What I'm trying to say is that -- I'm not sure I can do this, help you, unless I know more about you.
No.  Just Electra.
As in daughter of Agamemnon?
Yeah.
Just Electra?
Electra.
Rath.  Robert Rath.
Listen -- I don't even know your name.
He will know everything about you. Everything.  I know, because I've done it.  Once you've been inside a mark's home, you're in their head. If you're any good, you'll find the mark in a week, and Bain is good because I was the best and I couldn't take him.
Oh Jesus Jesus...
Right now, as we sit here, he is tearing through your apartment.  He is digging through your drawers, emptying your closets.  He will take your telephone and address books, your appointment books.  If you keep a diary, he is reading it.  He'll go into the kitchen and find out what kind of food you eat, liquor you drink, cigarettes you smoke.  In the bathroom he will find any prescription drugs you take and where you get them filled.  If you have video tape or recordings he will watch and listen to all of them.
How?
No.  It's the truth.  I know what you are.  Like me, like Bain, you're a ghost, you're not part of the real world.  You don't have a social security number.  You don't pay taxes.  You've probably used ten different names over the last ten years.  A long time ago something probably happened, something illegal and you ran, you disappeared and it was easy.  You think you can do it again.  But I'm telling you, fading from the law is nothing.  No matter what you do, where you go, I swear to you that Bain will find you.
You don't know that -- you're trying to scare me.
Because he took a contract on you. He'll come for you and he'll find you.
Why?
If you walk out that door, Bain will still come after you.
Then you can have the disks and I'll just walk out that door --
This is something that is never going to end.  You can never work in the business again with this contract, because he will find you. To survive, you have to go into deep hiding.  And that's going to take money, a lot of money.
I don't need the money.
If it hadn't been for me, you would be dead.
I don't need you to get the money -- my money!
It's simple.  You need me.  I need you.  And we will both need money.
I'm two seconds away from making my choice which means you've got two seconds to tell me why I shouldn't shoot you.
Right.
Don't tell me I don't have a choice!
We don't have a choice.
Forget it!
Yes.
And you want to use me to get him?
The nature of the business.  You remove your competition.
Why?
Yes.
He wants to kill you?
Because he is trying to retire me.
Why?
He stole the contract knowing that I would come after him.
So this is something between you and him?
No.  They hired Bain.  The contract would have been mine, but Bain took it from me as he took the previous one.
Someone hired both of you?
Another contractor.
Who is that other guy?
If I still was what I used to be, you would not be pointing that at me.
What does that mean?
Until a minute ago.
An assassin?
'Them'?
You're one of them, aren't you?
Yellow Pages.  V for veterinarian. There aren't that many.
Nikita?
You didn't know anything about me.
You're the computer hacker, you tell me.
Okay.  How did you find me?
No, stay in the car.  I want you to understand something.  If I intended to kill you, you would already be dead.
You want me to pump?
Turn off the engine.
Now what?
Now you understand why I'm here.
Ten million --
I figure that means these are worth ten times that, maybe more.
The bonus on the contract for you was one million dollars.
What do you mean, 'that's all'? What in the hell do you know?
Twenty large?  That's all?
I'm part of the game, just like you.
You're one of them, aren't you?  A fucking pro.
Yeah.
Bullshit.
Yeah?
I work for the government.
Who the fuck are you?  Who do you work for?
Took a guess.  Lucky for you, I guessed right.
What?  How did you know I had a cat?
Nikita?  She helped me find you.
Where are we going?
Get on the expressway.
One hour per man.
Um, five.
He has to clean up.  How many bodies were there?
What?
A pleasure doing business with you.
Electra --
I'll make my usual arrangements and expect my usual bonus.
Jesus!  Why didn't you tell me?
Right.  In my hands I have five back-up disks he made of all of his work last night.
God damnit, Electra.  This is not a game.  This is business.
I thought it was interesting --
The point is, they are paying for information.  Real information.  Not tooth paste brands.  Not whether he wads of folds his toilet paper.  And no 16 hours of recorded phone sex. You are wasting everyone's time with this shit.
I wasn't watching television.
Anytime.
Thank you.
Yes.
Is that all you want?
Are you asking me if I believe in another life?
Do you believe that?
Then, I'll sail alone.
Can you tell me about it?
All the time.
Do you ever think about starting over?
No.  They call me, I don't call them.  If they didn't call I wouldn't exist.
Do you think about their wives or their families?
Sometimes.
But when you finLsh a job, afterwards do you think about them?
Everyone regrets something.
Do you ever regret things you've done?
Honesty.
For what?
I called because I just want... I need to talk.
That's okay, hon, I always expect the unexpected.
I think you're supposed to answer that question.
You're very good at this aren't you?
Holidays are our busiest days.  No one likes to be alone on holidays. I know I don't.
Why are you working today?
I'd love one.  Whatever you're having.
Would you like a drink?
How can a beautiful man like you be shy?
I prefer it like this.
Yes.  Please come in.
Hi.  Did you call --
No.
Look at that.  I haven't watched the sun set in a million years. Do you mind?
Yeah.
I used to think about it.  I had Margaret.  She wanted kids.  I thought about moving somewhere far away like, Europe.  I could see all of that, the first part, the getting away but I couldn't see that next part.  'Then what?' So I'd stop thinking about it and go back to work.  You understand?
Yeah.
You mean quit?
Why didn't you fade?
Anything.
Can I ask you a question?
When I thought about this, that was always there, in the back of my head, that image of me on my knees, crying.  It wouldn't go away and it would really upset me. It was something that I could never get away from... but now, I feel it's okay.  I feel good.
Some.
Do they get down on their knees, begging and crying?
Everyone handles it differently. Some are ready, some are not.
What do other guys do?
Go ahead.
Can I ask you something?
And an R.C.
I'm thinking about Moonpies.  Ain't that funny?  I haven't had a Moonpie since I was ten years old. Right now, I'm thinking how much I'd love one.
What are you thinking about?
I thought that I would be thinking about Margaret, or work, or that I'd be having these deep, profound and depressing thoughts but I'm not.  I'm trying to think really profound thoughts, but I can't. It seems very funny to me.
Right.
That's what our General Contractor told us but how can you trust someone like that?
Don't know.  That's how it works.
That's exactly what I told myself.
Everyone who plays the game knows the rules.
'Taken.'  That's nice.  When I had someone taken I would call our General Contractor, transfer the money and as soon as I hung up the phone I forgot about them.
Taken.
I have been thinking about this for a long while.  I knew this day was coming.  I knew someday someone would make the call on me. I never thought about anyone that I had whacked.  What do you call it anyway?
Shit... oh well.
Average.
One hundred thousand?  That's it? Jesus... Is that a lot?
A dime.
Oh yeah?  I guess we still need to see that price tag.  Like art, right?  You hang some painting that looks like baby-puke in your living room only if it costs a bundle.
It's a common question.
I know this may seem like a strange question, but can I ask you how much the contract was for -- not to insult you or anything, I know you're a professional, but just for me, I was just wondering.
I hope not.
You're pretty famous aren't you?
It's possible.
I think I've heard of you.
I don't know.  Part of me wanted to but part of me always said, 'What's she going to be able to do?'  I don't know.  Maybe I didn't trust her.
Why not?
Funny, I've never been a talker. My wife was always getting on me about that.  'Say what you feel, tell me what's bothering you, you ve got to talk to me.'  I never would though.  Not really.
Sure.
Hey, do you mind if I talk a little?  I feel like, I don't know, talking I guess.
Just a little ways.  Up to those trees.
How much farther?
Thank you.
Of course, senor.
I'm sorry, but I am waiting for an associate.  Can you hold everything for me until he arrives?
Excellent, senor.  If you could follow me?
I have all day.
This will take some time.
American currency.
How would you like the funds?
That's correct.
You wish to close this account today?
No, better than me. You know, I have many friends, you should meet more of them.
Like you?
Your a good guy Chris you deserve a nice girl.
I don't know, maybe I'll enrol for postgrad' studies next Autumn.
It won't last, believe me. And you, when will you go back to the States?
Well, he sure seems fired up all of a sudden.
I don't know, I don't care. I see too much of him and he's changed. He used to be busy at the magazine. But now he's been doing nothing for months, like he doesn't care about anything, including me.
Sounds cool.....Do you think he's serious about squatting a place?
It's okay, they're training me on the cash register and after I hope to work on one of the jewellery counters.
So how's your work?
No, you guys are great together. He'll come through, I'm sure.
I used to think he was right about a lot of things but now I don't know. I thought he was going somewhere but now I think I am wasting my time.
I don't know. It's kind of underground. Doug's right, there's too much crap in this town.
Naz dravi!.....What do you like about this place, these people, Chris?
Cheers Katka!
Hey Doug, you want a beer?
A coke, if they have it?
What are you having?
And pay for their drinks occasionally.
That's true Doug, writers are supposed to write.
Here!
What about me?
I should have read the fine print.  I love you Holly, thanks.
Some deal you did there!
God, I think I need a holiday.
You could give me your baseball, so I can drive this bastard nuts.....He's been playing chequers for eight hours and still hasn't won a game.
Sure....Anything else I can do for you?
If I cut a deal, I'm not staying in this country and I want Holly to come with me. So, if she doesn't come here today, you're going to have to get her to me tomorrow; after I call, promise?
You're in the clear, keep it that way, I'll be okay.
Doug, I can't just leave you!
42 56 76......... Okay, you wait at Dave's for my call tomorrow, if you don't hear from me by three o'clock, send that note and get out of the country fast.
It's...42 56 76 .
Good, what's his number?
Yeah, Dave Walters.
Get me one of the disks. Ask a Czech girl to smuggle it in to me this evening. Put the others in a locker and write the details in a note to Reuters and be ready to send it, if this doesn't work. You'd better keep clear of your apartment too. Do you know someone with a phone?
What do you want me to do?
Siberia.
And if you're wrong.
No point, it'll be in Czech and God knows what format. But if I'm right, they could be my ticket out of here.
Do you want me to see what's on them?
Suppose those contained all the file info too? You could have a third or so of it there.
Yeah, somewhere?
What happened to those disks I gave you, have you still got them?
It was all in Czech wasn't it.
Did you see anything in the files?
Maybe, but I've started to wonder what those files were all about. Suppose it was old KGB stuff and had the dirt on big people or maybe the personnel records of the secret police, that might explain all the hassle and the cover-up.
Lucky break!
Well, it seems they've dropped any charge relating to the files.
So?
You know, there is one thing I can't figure out. All along they've been bugging me about those files and when I told them I'd burned all that stuff, they went nuts - they told the Consul guy they were medical records?
I could try and get a Western lawyer.
Now you're using that word.
WE gotta think of something.
Well, the trial's in two weeks, but I think they've already sentenced me. They just need to check if Siberia can slot me in.
You're kidding.
I don't know, I'm waiting for the transcript.
What happened?
Yeah. I tell you, they're one big happy family over there.
Did you see a lawyer and go before a judge?
Damn!
No, but I ran into Jahn, seems him and his friends are in big trouble with the University, they might even be expelled.
They're good guys..... Have you seen Holly?
Honza says they'll print an open letter to President Havel in next weeks edition even if they have to threaten a walk-out.
He got that one right.
I stopped by your office. Henry was steaming, he says he's going to throw you out of the window and that you never worked at the Bugler.
They ain't the only ones.
I had a visit from the British Embassy. They think I'm a stray soccer hooligan.
Huh?
So I hear.
Your too good for this town, Buddy.
That bad?
I don't want to ruin your day.
Tell me some bad news?
Chris! Tell me some good news.
He's lying! I am.
It's me you want, I'm responsible for all this.
Hey Jahn.....You got a name for this thing?
Does Jahn's thing have a name?
The performance is free what more do you want....I've set that old phone up as a donation box and I'll get Jahn to write out a sign....Okay, let's get going.
You capitalist pig!
Shit no, it'll be twice cost.
Good, and then type up a notice on your computer for tonight's thing, photocopy it and put it up in all the faculty buildings and a couple of the pubs. It'll start at eight o'clock and the bar will be open from seven. Holly and I'll go and get some beer and wine.  Can you bankroll the bar for tonight?
You might make Henry happy......Sure, I'll do it.
Take the drill back to Honza at the office, I promised to get it back for the weekend and I don't want to show my face there.
What?
Chris, can you do me a favour?
Nothing, it's just that's when things usually start to go wrong.
Yeah and I got the bruises to prove it. So what?
Don't tell me you really are in love?
Well, I take it you're going to drag her down to your minimal existence and adjust her mindset.
What are you on about?
A fine specimen for conversion.
She's cool.
She's as American as apple pie too. Have you figured out exactly what it is you despise about them?
It just happened.
Couldn't keep your hands off the hired help, huh?
Holly!
You Romeo's sure pay a high price sometimes - anyone I know?
Didn't I tell you, she dumped me Monday night.
What happened to Katka?
No, the boyfriend.
And a tram hit you?
I fell in love.
My God! What happened?
I can't, I've got to split. I have to take a class at two o'clock.
Thanks. Come on Chris, give me a hand.
What?
No, We aren't going to do it.
We could make a start on the floor afterwards.
Get me a couple of beers and a salami.
You're all bloody useless.
No, not yet.
Have you cleared all the rubble up?
Forget it Doug, it's no good.
I see, you've got your hands too far up your collective arse to pull it out long enough except to drink my bloody wine.
Both, see you later.
Red or white?
No, it could take me hours. You know what it's like trying to find things in this town, not to mention disposable stuff - I wouldn't think they've ever heard of them.
Why don't we go together?
You get the wine and I'll go see if I can rustle up some plastic cups.
Not on the opening night, wouldn't look right.
No beer?
Here, let's both put in two hundred crowns. That should get nine or ten bottles of wine.
No, I figure once they see the place and we get'em a little drunk, they'll all want to help. We should have that floor done in a day or so.
You should have said it was Bring-A-Bottle.
We'd better get some booze in for tonight.
Sure, I think it_s your turn to buy too.
Fancy some lunch after we_re through with this Meccano shit?
Well, I think I_ve got a handle on the Czech pysche and I reckon this kind of joint will make _em reminisce about the sixties. Plus we should get a few stray expat_s looking for Kafka.
Do you think anyone will really come here?
When your ready Son!
Like a hand?
Who put a bee up your butt?
No, not if you've got better things to do.
Am I late?
Afternoon!
We don't speak Czech!
So why didn't we?
Look at it this way, it's their contribution. If we'd explained it to them, they'd probably have given it to us anyway.
Why don't we just take the whole damn building, brick by brick Doug.
Not yet, we need a few lengths of scaffold.
Let's split.
Stealing's stealing, we might as well get what we need. This'll do for the floor and the walkway too.
Jesus Doug, they'll execute us!
We're going to need it all.
It looks new, they might miss one or two.
Perfect!
They'll never get us.
What's that, five instead of ten years jail.
Just aiding and abetting if it makes you feel better.
Close!
No, for the Asylum.
Like helping a sick kid?
Could you handle it if it was in a good cause?
Nope.
Have you ever stolen anything?
Destroy the evidence huh.
I had a better idea, we'll burn them. There's a drum across the road; I was just waiting for the workers to go home.
I thought you were gonna throw these?
We got a party tomorrow night. Can't have the place smelling like shit.
Moved on to plumbing huh?
You'd be better off with tables and chairs.
See if she can donate some paintings or something to hang on these walls, give it a bit of atmosphere.
Yeah, her name's Kavlova, why?
Yeah, I'll take some.
Need any disks?
Is it gone four-thirty?
Look I gotta get going, shouldn't you have met Katka?
Don't worry if the old lady's there I'll brick it back up.
I don't know Doug, we haven't even got the place together and already you want to extend it.
I'll rig up something don't worry - Do you think I could bash through with that little hammer?
Why, how in the hell are we going to set up a cafe?
Well, it's definitely there - We've just got to get to it.
Just think though, it would make a hell of a cafe, that way we keep the auditorium clear.
Sounds like a good reason to leave it alone.
No way, it's sealed - if she's in there she's dead.
And suppose a little old lady lives there?
It must be fair old size, suppose it's empty?
Don't we have enough already?
I'd love to get in there.
I don't know. This wall isn't like the rest though, it's not all that old either.
But how did the wall get here?
It must be on the other side of this.
No, it's welded up!....Let's take a look from the inside.
Can you do the lock on it?
I don't know but that used to be a window and I think that was a door.
Just save me a little patch and I'll do it later.
Yeah, I'm beginning to see that.
Perfect, but I can't use it right now, I've got to get these locks done; it's a matter of priorities.
Yes, but it suddenly clicked, this is going to be a crazy place and, since the Commies are used to seeking asylum, we can use that in the marketing.
I've been saying that since we met.
None, it's mine - you said it earlier, I'm nuts.
Oh yeah, what's my connection to that?
No....The Asylum!
Really, "The Freeman Centre"?
Nope, not even close. I've thought of a name for this place and you were the inspiration though.
I'm an idiot?
Tough break.
Yeah, that was Honza's idea, I had to buy him a few beers in return for the gear.
'cause you stink of booze.
No, why?
Good, I love swinging a shovel.
I'll try not to, I'll leave that to you. Anyway, there's still plenty more of it.
Well, don't get carried away.
No, just making my contribution to cultural enlightenment, that's all.
Wow!....What have you been doing, rolling around in it?
You're nuts man, Katka's right!
Yep, except a name for this place.
Thought of everything haven't you.
Tell them we're working for the University.
And if the police stop by - what do I tell them?
No.....But I think Honza at the office has. You keep shifting this crap and I'll take care of the locks, shouldn't take long. Take a break for lunch and I'll catch you up later.
I'll settle for a pardon. You gotta drill?
I'm making history Chris, nothings going to stop me. There could be a knighthood for us in this, once President Havel hears.
A locksmith too? Why d'you ever bother with writing?
I'll drill the locks and replace the barrels, that way it won't cost so much.
I thought that was part of the charm!
Later Mate, right now I've got to do the locks on these doors so we don't have to climb through that bloody window every time.
Yeah, you're in luck there's two of them, the other's in there.
Not bad hey, I think I'll add Sparkie to my resume.....Good shovel!
You sure got a handle on that word "we".
Well, we might as well start filling it in now. As long as you leave enough room around that end of the pipe - so I can get to it, we're set. Use them wooden boards to stop it all spilling into the space - We'll neaten it up later.
So?
Somehow, I'm going to have to band-aid that thing since we can't really replace it and then put a walkway over it.
Sure....As for the crap, I've got an idea.
And put it on expenses?
Scout around and see if there's something, check that other corridor. If there's nothing, nip out and buy a broom and shovel.
Just two things. What do I use to shift the stuff and where in hell am I gonna put it all?
Don't worry, I'll give you a hand as soon as I can.
I feel like a mole in this joint, so I guess I might as well come out lookin' like one!
Too right....Now the other thing we've got to do is start clearing up the rubble. Can you make a start on that?
That makes you an expert I guess.
No, he was talking about girls, I think.
He was an electrician?
No, but like my dad said, "There's only so many ways you can wire a plug".
Yeah, that could be job number two. I think it's a sewer.
That stinks!
Great. Let's say nine o'clock here tomorrow. Catch you later partner.
No, I got nothing till Tuesday.
You got my word on it.
Alright I give in. But let's not end up in jail. Okay?
Damn right it is, it's a chance to do something meaningful for a change, to leave our mark on this town. Hell, you'll probably be gone in another six months and all you'll have done is taught some kids the lines to a Led Zep' song - c'mon, don't run out on me now!
I don't know man, I'll drink beer and shoot crap with you anytime, but this is different.
Chris, what if I were to cut you in as partner in this project - together we could make it swing, all it needs is a good clean out and the power on, then we're in business.
No thanks, I think we ought to get going though.
You were right Jahn, it's a great space..... Hey, Chris. Do you want to come and look?
We could make a run for it?
Okay, it's in here somewhere. Let's keep it quiet.
It's big, right Jahn?
Puppet theatre, don't you need something a little bigger?
Well, it's like I said, there's a ton of empty buildings around here and most of them were apparently given back to the city, so they're not private.... Now, Jahn here is an drama student at the University. He knows of a building that they were going to turn into a puppet theatre - they even began work on it, until they ran out of money.
Okay, we're listening. But I'm with Katka on this one.
No "if's" or "but's" it's a cinch. Do you want to know what the icing is?
Amazing, he didn't even say "if".
Well, providing we're treated like Czechs and we squat something that's not privately owned, we should be in the clear; at least DOUG  until they get an eviction order and bring in the bailiffs.
Care to elaborate?
Good news comrades, it's better than we'd hoped. Lubosh filled me in on the legal side of squatting here and it's a piece of cake.
These guys think the West is just MTV and Hollywood movies. We've got to show them there's more to it.
Like Custer huh?
Maybe, but someone's got to make a stand.
He's not drunk, he's crazy.
You've got to stop using that word "we" it's getting kind of scary. Right Katka?
What we need is a space for real performance art. A cultural exchange for radical expressionism.
So? DOUG Well, there's tons of empty buildings - why don't we get one?
Right and not just the bar, Lubosh and his mates took the whole freakin' building.
Squatted it.
No, it's the whole idea behind it. How did they get this place?
I ain't sure poetry will go down too well here.
An alternative literary venue!
Oh yeah, what's that?
Still, fifty cents ain't bad.
This place is getting expensive too, used to be twelve.
Fifteen crowns.
What did the beer cost?
Hmm..Smells good. Cheers!
That's Lubosh, the greatest fiddle player in Prague. You must have seen him playing with Johnny on the bridge. ......Come on, let's grab a table.
Who's your friend?
Give'em a break Doug, all it takes is a little work.
Just because they've got a choice of four McDonalds, doesn't mean they can afford a cheeseburger.
What's that? Free!
It all comes down to ideology and they've lost theirs. If I'd been here ten years ago, maybe they wouldn't be in the mess they are today.
Yeah and they manage to go to bourgeois joints!
I don't have the money for those Bourgeois traps. Hell, I'm making what a Czech earns.
Never heard of K-MART?
No, just crap. I want some picture frames.
Anything in it?
Yeah, let's check out the low-life.
What about that squat bar you showed me, is that open on a Sunday?
You're outnumbered Kat two to one, got to go with the majority, that's democracy.
Sorry Katka, but I'm with Doug on this.
Well, this place is too expensive so you've had it.
We're only joking.....It is your round though!
You guys having a go a me or what?
And not even then sometimes.
Inspirations a fickle thing, you don't realise you had it till it's gone.
No you don't get it. Every cabby in town knows this joint. So where's the mystery, the danger?
But we are underground?
Yeah, but it's not just that. To the Czech mind, any movement, whether political or literary should be underground. If it isn't, then it's not radical and not worthy of a look-in.
Because it's in English?
Yeah right!....I don't know, something isn't right with this place, it's all too sterile and staged. Do you ever wonder why there's no Czechs here?
How to make a buck!
Wanker more like, what does he know about writing.
Son of the American ambassador and a banker - good enough?
What is it with that Josh guy? Who does he think he is shoving that Reflections rag down our throats?
Yeah, group bloody therapy time.
Fresh from the shrink I'd say!
What's that? A Democrat with an attitude!
He_s the closest we've got to an intellectual.
Turn around quick!
Doug?
There shooting at something.
Yeah....Shit, those guys have guns.
It's that one isn't it.
Follow that Budjovice sign.
Okay, but I don't want to miss him.
Jesus Holly, we got enough time.
Yeah!
That one?
Take this exit.
Good we'll take Josh's Jeep, come on!
Yeah, pretty well.
No, by road?
Sure, it's on the red metro line you....
Do you know the way?
Well, he should be on his way back to his apartment by now.
Sure I'm sure!
You're sure?
No!
You mean, Josh's father had nothing to do with it?
Josh didn't get Doug out of jail, he did a deal in return for some computer disks we'd held onto.
In return for Doug's freedom, I was never to see him again, I had to - it was his only chance.
What are you talking about?
It was a condition of getting Doug out.
What?
I made a deal with Josh.
Listen, Doug took the rap for us all so grab your coat 'cause you're going.
You don't understand, I can't!
Look, I don't care whether you go with Doug or not, but you_ve got to see him before he leaves.
I can't go with him.
We ain't going to give it away this time, are we?
Yeah, no problem.
I'm not hungry, really.
Time for lunch I think. I'll get the sandwiches. What would you like Holly?
Sure, they wanted to know if I ever voted Conservative.
Before you go, did you get those bruises here?
Regards to Her Majesty.
Well a plea of ignorance won't go far here. Frankly, I think you deserve everything that's coming.
They didn't look like medical files to me.
Well, I'll try and get that clarified. As I understand it though, the charges include break and enter, theft, trespass, operating an unlicensed facility, vandalism and destruction of government documents - Whatever possessed you to start destroying people's medical records?
No!
Now, have you been read your rights and are you aware of the charges?
No!
I see, would you like us to inform her of your situation?
That's my mum's.
Your home address is 18 Thornton Avenue, Coventry.
Yes.
Date of birth, November the fourth nineteen-sixty-two.
Yes.
Now - Your name is Douglas Greenwell, yes?
So am I.
I don't know what it is with you bloody hooligans. Not content with causing trouble back home, YOU idiots have to go off and wreak havoc throughout the whole of Europe. And when finally, the police do catch up with you, you expect us to wave a magic wand and get you out, well not this time, I'm sorry.
You mean your NOT going to spring me?
I'm just here to record some details, standard stuff.
Good morning.
Yeah, maybe.
Turned Czech huh?
I'll take a rain-check for now.
I could pencil you in if you like?
Really?
We should be done by the weekend.
Hmm, I see possibilities but you got a lot to do.
I'd like to talk with you about doing some performance poetry here....A weekly thing.
Here's the details.
Sure. Excellent.
No! Look Lawrence, I've taken over the lease on a theatre downtown and I'm throwing a party tomorrow night to show it off. It's going to be for alternative arts, but I need some help to finish it off, can you put the word out?
Have you met Holly? Josh's friend.
I've been around.
Doug, haven't seen you for a while.
Hey, Lawrence how are you doing mate?
Not this time, Kat.
No, it's not true, you're lying.
It was a mistake, I never wanted to hurt you, but it had to end sooner or later and now, well now I love someone else.
But I love you!
Forget about me Kat.
I'm sorry about what I said, really I am. Just take me with you, I don't care where.
There's nothing there for me.
I don't understand, it's your home?
No Kat, I lied to you, I hate England and I don't ever want to live there again.
But we could go to London and live in England.
I'm no good for you Katka, besides I won't be able to stay in Prague.
If you get out can we be together again.
I hope so!
Will it help to get you out?
Thanks.
I thought for sure they would catch me.
Look, I love you Katka but I'm twelve years older, I could never marry you, it'd be stupid, you know that!
Then tell me, what will happen? Tell me!
No, I love you, really.
Right now, yeah - you're talking crap.
That's it, I am just stupid teenager, yes?
I'm not a bloody teenager okay, I told you I can't do that shit.
I could have my choice of many boyfriends and go to movies and discos but I waste my time waiting for you and then going to stupid pubs.
Oh sure and you will want sex, always sex.
That's not true, we have a great time together. I've said I'm sorry. Let's forget about it and go stop by my place, so I can get changed.
I thought you loved me Doug but all you want from me is sex.
No.
I think I'm stupid.....All you do is use me and expect me to wait for you.
Fernet and tonic.
Beer please! Do you want another drink?
Yeah, you're right.... I've got an idea!
No way Doug, I can't.
I want you so bad. She'll be asleep soon, maybe we could do it quietly under the sheets.
It's bad news when you can't even bribe kids.
She's tired.
Let's have a look anyway.
Everybody is at home, it's no good.
I hope you're going to invite me in?
No, not just yet.
So, we won't be going to London?
Kat, I'm in paradise. I don't ever want to leave.
Nonsense, we can pick up the tram on the other side, it won't take any longer. Come on!
We should go to the Metro it's quicker.
Let's walk over the bridge, we haven't done that for a while.
I'm sorry but it's been a crazy evening. I'm going to make that place into something big. God, I love you!
It's not fair, you hardly talked to me tonight.
Alright, I'm coming. It's the perfect place Jahn, thanks.
Doug you said you wouldn't be long. Come on, I've got to go. Now!
Okay, whatever. Come on Chris!
I'm not going in Doug. I'll wait for you here.
Don't worry it's okay!
I don't want to get in trouble.
Look Kat it'll only take ten minutes. Without Jahn I might never find it... We'll just have a quick look and then you and I'll hit a tram.
Doug I can't, I've got to be at work by eight. You promised to take me home.
Look, just hear me out, okay?
What? You are crazy!
Don't give me this Kat, I'm doing it for you and your country.
No I'm not, I came to Prague looking for something - this could be it!
It's just talk, he's drunk.
You're everything a guy could want.
What?
A word of advice my celibate friend. These Czech girls look like dynamite and go like it, but don't be fooled; there's a price to be paid and it's going up fast. Right Kat?
Whatever!
I'm not staying out late and I can't come back to your place.
I don't care. I'm not staying out late Doug.
So what's it going to be, Coogan's or U Vayvudoo?
How about you Brutus?
But I don't want to go, I am enjoying it.
I'll get the drinks, but not here. Let's split. I can't stand this any more, it's murdering my respect for literature.
Well, get me and Chris a drink then.
Well not any more, now I'm a serious writer and above this crap.
You used to read.
Why don't you read something after the break? DOUG What here? Weren't you listening to what I just said?
Ooh, well excuse me.
So why don't you get up and speak something, then we will see who is crazy.
I think he's jealous of Havel.
Shhhhh, I'm concentrating!
Lawrence is getting derogatory again.
Cool....So, if we say eight o'clock.
About forty minutes.
Great....How long will it go for?
Yes, it's looks good.....We will use this for the soundtrack and we will have two guys up there with the spotlights. The others will just be house lights.
Don't worry. Thanks.
No thanks, I must go, but maybe you could get some beers for the guys.
Don't go making it too simple, we're on the cutting edge here.
Yeah, it's a simple piece. If they get the floor done in time, me and the others will rehearse tomorrow afternoon, but it's not critical.
Great. And your all set for the performance?
They'll do it.
Okay.
Yep, it's all yours.
I'll do my best. Is the place open.
Donations only! And make the thing non-lingual, so everyone gets a handle on it.
Can we charge admission?
Look, if you can get them to finish it by Friday, you and your friends can do the opening performance that night.
It's not so much.
There's three thousand crowns, it's all I got.
Well, I want them to put down a floor and a walkway.
Sure, they are students.
So I hear, do you know some of the stage hands?
Yes, The Obelisk but it's closed for repairs.
Later. Jahn, I've been let down by the guys who were going to do the flooring. They brought the materials but took my money and ran. You guys have a school theatre don't you?
Hi, want to take up dancing?
Hey Chris, keep an eye on things.
Sure, I've done it easily.
Interesting. Do reckon I could fit through here?
Don't worry, I've got lots of friends.
No, I am an actor not a labourer, I am just warning you, that's all.
And, since it's only two streets away, I suggest we go take a look. Now!
Yeah, for sure.
It's perfect, you've done a great job.
Tomorrow, we will bring some lights and also hang some fabric. I think it will be finished in the morning.
Good, great....Dobchay!
Yes, of course...maybe one hour.
Yeah, great....Dobchay! It will dry, yes?
It is okay........We will paint the wood black, yes?
Yo, dobree!
Okay?
Insurance!
What for?
And take Jiri with you?
Deal!
There's three thousand and if you don't come through, I'm going throw you clean out of that window. Deal?
Two hundred dollars, make it six thousand crowns?
I got a bad feeling about this.... How much do you need?
Henry, I've been working my tail off on this. Look, all I need is a little cash to loosen up some tongues and you've got the scoop. It'll send those scum-bags down for life; be a big feather in the cap for the Bugler and your board of directors back home!
What pay-check? You ain't done nothing!
You can hold back this months pay-check until I come through with the story.
A month, Jesus! And how do I know you're not crapping me?
I'm in close with these guys, it isn't easy, but slowly they're opening up to me. Give me a month and I'll blow their movement wide open.
How?
Henry, these guys already push most of the drugs in this town and now they want to move into pornography, right? Believe me, it won't stop there either, next it'll be a church and pretty soon they'll have their own department store or something...... Henry, we've got to stop them. The foundation's got to put an end to it!
That's only the half of it. I've heard a rumour they're taking over a theatre to use for alternative arts; you know what that means?
Ah, so what?
You mean you don't know, Henry! We got a bunch of anarchists, controlling a six-level block of luxury apartments down on Janovska street here in the Old Town, and you don't know about it?
I will tell you - within a week I will have the transcript and we can go through it.
How do I know what's being said?
Of course, you can see that lady over there, she is recording everything.
You mean it's started?
No, it should be over soon.
Will this thing take long?
I don't know - maybe they are talking about it now. Mr Vitovetch is a good friend of the Judge.
Will they free me?
What is bail?
Any chance of getting me out on bail?
Cool....Either of you know the way to Krakow?
It's Josh's.
Where did you steal the car?
Oh shit, yeah. Can you lend some more money?
Weren't you going to get some glasses?
Cool!
Head the flyers up with Asylum and then put Debut of....Psychosis, Theatre experimental. That'll cover us if it flops. On the bottom put seek Asylum where the stars shine on Betlemska.
Alright!
Why don't we both forget about him?
Hmm, I still owe him.
Better than you.
How did he look?
Yeah, but it was okay.
Run into Josh?
Uh-huh!
Did you take your things over to my place?
Sure!
I'd better get going, do you need a hand to get into bed?
Sometimes.
Don't you have a girlfriend?
Guests.
Who you saving the dishes for?
Are you sure I shouldn't get a doctor.
I had it coming from someone.
It's all my fault, I'm so sorry Doug.
I'll be okay, just get me home.
I'd better get you to a hospital.
One beer, one coffee, thanks.
No, just a coffee.
What would you like, beer?
Yeah seems okay.
Is it dry?
Yeah, we'd better keep them for now, I'll try and get some glasses for tomorrow night.
Shall I wash these out?
I know, some are trapped, usually by money.
We_re not all running away
No, I'm just running scared, same as everyone else.
A champion of lost causes huh?
I moving more to Communism now it's dying out.
I figured you more as a Socialist?
It's a student magazine networked through Eastern Europe and funded by Republican do-gooders back in the States.
What's the Bugler?
Well, I've failed at everything else I've done and I can't hack it as a journalist, even for the Bugler.
Why are you doing all this, what for?
The way I look at it, I've carried the camel to water and stuffed it's head under - if it doesn't drink now, we might as well shoot the thing and call it a day.
Seems a shame!
Thanks.
Alright, go help Chris shovel up the last of the crap.
That's not what you said last night. And, I didn't bring that "prick" Josh.
We don't need you.
I thought I'd help out.
Sure as long as you don't bring that prick Josh. Thanks Lawrence.
Am I invited?
I'll put one on the notice-board too.
Well she sure isn't normal.
No act of love but willing violence demanded by one and begged by the other. As life turned to fantasy and reality to ecstasy a need, so deep no light could reach, surfaced like a nocturnal creature unearthed for momentary and glorious display. Left alone in a rose-tinted afterglow dimming fast she tasted the moisture of her body and wondered why light came to day and such desires to her pale-skin body.
I insist, it is the least we can do.
That's okay I like the metro, it's only a couple of stops from here.
Yes, you are free to go, Karel here will drive you home.
We had a deal!
Good, wait here, it will not take long and then you may go.
Central station, locker number 139 - combination JFK.
Release Mr Greenwell's possessions.
Yeah!
Would you like your things now?
You may use my office.
I'll need to make a phone call.
You have the letter and my word, if you wish you may wait upstairs....Now, where are the disks?
How do I know this isn't a trap?
I have the Director's word, there will be no action against them. You may go once we have the disks.
And the students?
The choice is yours, it's not negotiable.
I'm not sure it's possible.
First, I want to walk free with a letter, in English, from the Prosecutor General dropping all charges. Second, I want two first class tickets to London leaving tonight and three thousand crowns in a stamped envelope. Lastly, all actions against the students are to be stopped!
What is it you want?
I didn't get to see what's on the disks but I can guess. Do you want to hear my terms or not.
You are playing a very dangerous game, I suggest you make it easy on yourself and tell me where they are.
Not all of them!
Good try Mr. Greenwell but a little late. We have analyzed the contents of that drum, the remains of the disks are there, just as you said.
I lied to you, I didn't destroy the floppy disks.
Really!
Thanks, but I don't intend to stay.
We'll have to see what more we can do for you, while you are still our guest.
No!
Enjoying our hospitality?
Either you're a liar or you are a fool.
A kind of freedom.
What was the real purpose behind this venture?
It was the biggest I could find.
Why did you break into that particular building?
Fuck you!
You will wish you hadn't.
That's right.
And you broke into that room?
Yes, they had nothing to do with it.
This is your doing?
No way, he even gave me back pay.
So, he didn't fire you?
Come on, that shit can wait.
But I have to finish this....
Great, let's break for lunch and I'll buy you a beer on the way.
Yeah.
No problem, is it at your place?
Okay, Okay, but I want it right back. It belongs to my father.
Give me a break, will you. How often do I ask you for something?
Sure!
Come on, don't me give a hard time. I'm just trying to make the place look nice for Katka.
You don't have fifty foot of apartment!
And a fifty foot extension lead?
Yeah.
Nothing. I've got to put up some kitchen shelves that's all. You've got one haven't you?
A drill, what are you up to?
No, just a drill.
Working....Under cover.
Hey Doug, where you been?
Alright, I'll see to it and things'll be just as they were, okay?
Yes, if you can get him free.
Will you come home and forget all about him?
You really are a piece of work, you know that? You walk out on me and my family for some worthless bum and you expect us to help him when he screws up.
Josh, I need your help. Doug's been arrested, he's in big trouble. I thought maybe your father and the Embassy might be able to do something.
So, what have you got to say for yourself? Was he good in bed?
Can we talk in your office?
Of course Darling, you'd like to apologise?
Josh, I have to speak you, it's urgent.
Honey what a pleasant surprise, sorry to keep you waiting.
Don't you dare, I'll be back!
Shall I look after the rest?
Yeah and you're a slut, so what?
You bastard!
It's more than what you're worth.
Go to hell!
That's my bag.
Leave me, just leave me alone Josh.
Come on Holly!
It's time to go home, Holly.
I don't want to go.
Why?
Well, for a start, you've got to get cleaned up.
What for?
I think we should be going honey.
Okay honey, but don't be long. I got plans.
Later.
Yeah, so I hear. Don't you think you should go get changed?
Well come on, sit down.
Josh!
See you brought one of the patients with you too.
I decided to help out at the Asylum.
Oh that's it? Everything I do is crap!
All I'm saying Honey is run the thing past me for Christ's sake before you get up and broadcast the crap.
Maybe it is!
Shit Honey, you could've told me. People might think it's about us!
Just yesterday.
When the hell did you write that?
Subtitles) You have made many mistakes Pavel, let there be no more, for your sake.
Very well.
Delay Mr Greenwell's departure until the disks have been located and you have notified me. Then, have one of your officers drive him home - I'll see to the rest.
It was all on a Russian format, I don't think that would be so easy; we must take that chance.
What if his accomplices have made copies?
All the more reason to eliminate him.
And there has been enquiries from the American Embassy maybe they are involved?
I don't care about Americans. Arrest them all if you have to, but keep those records secret.
And what of these foreigners?
That was not my decision, I can only guess that one day we will again be active and our honour restored. In the meantime no one else must know those files exist. Secure the building and I will arrange alternative safe storage immediately.
It was crazy not to have destroyed them
I don't think you realise what will happen if those files are made public. The lives of thousands of officers depend on the secrecy of those records, including your own now.
I don't understand it, there were a lot of people there last night, many Americans, I believe we should move carefully.
Have you lost all control of this city?
Some Americans?
So, who is in the building?
Yes, I think so, it is still barred, but it is not the University who are in the building.
The University cannot do this. Is the room safe?
The building has been occupied and the locks have been changed.
What are you an idiot!
We're not sure...
You are responsible...What has happened?
The storage facility will be ready within a week, I'll call you then.
The files are in a sealed room and the University are under strict orders to stay away.
You are quite sure it's secure?
In a building belonging to the University in the Old Town.
You know everyone can be controlled Pavel. Where are you storing the personnel files?
This press we cannot control. Americans, I think.
Why are there still such headlines?
I do.
And I have no idea why.
No. You're with who you should be. It's like she chose you.
I'm sorry about how we --
Pictures from the play. Jamie looks pretty --
I'll tell her you were here.
She asleep?
Because she doesn't know what a hint is.
That's one girl who can't take a hint.
Heart be still.
She's coming over here...
I. Don't. Dance.
With you.
So go dance.
Landon, honey. There's nothing more.
Everything's being done but it's not enough. I have to find something -- more.
Landon. You have two parents. We're both here for you even --
Now it's okay?
He wants to talk to you.
What are you doing here?
Be yourself and I don't think there is a wrong thing.  Let Jamie take the lead. She'll let you know what she needs.
I have no idea what to say. How to act. What if I do the wrong thing?
It was the only thing I've ever asked him!
Landon --
I told him to leave me alone.
I didn't know either.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Mom, great. But what I want is for me to be proud of me.
Have I told you how proud I am of you -- ?
Whatever my life is, I'm going to be friggin' sure I'm never disappointed --
But if it doesn't happen, grab for something within reach. Life's tough enough without causing yourself disappointment --
That'd be something.
I could do it if I tried. Even Kelly thinks so.
That's eight years of school and training -- after college. And all that doesn't necessarily make you a better human being.
I meant he's a doctor.
You do. You're handsome and charming.
I could take after Dad, too.
Honey, some of this is... farfetched. You take after me. People skills and common sense. Good dependable qualities.
You sleeping with her?
Yeah.
Were you with Jamie?
Late night.  You?
A late night or an early morning?
No. I won't be long.
To see your father?
Me neither.
I haven't seen Clay or Eric lately.
Thanks.
There's hot cider in the kitchen.
You're fine like that, Mom.
You look nice. I should have dressed.
You going to let him? You going to reward him by being the son he was never man enough to be a father to?
He wants to show now.
After he moved out, I invited him to every practice, every game, every parent-teacher conference you ever had. He didn't show, not once.
We talked. He wanted to get a bite -- after. I said no.
You saw him?
I can't know things if you don't tell me.
That's over. Way over.
Out with Belinda?
-- I like the car I have.
It could help with a new car --
I don't want his money.
Your father dropped off an extra check.
About a job.
'Bout what?
You don't need a car you can't drive for a month. Go see Marvin.
I'm not hanging. I'm fixing my car --
Cuz nothing happened at school.
Why not?
Kelly wouldn't do that.
What if they expel you?
No. Hey. We're sorry, man!
Say nothing. Nothing 'bout her.
Later.
Landon!
Scamming's a strong word.
And that you're scamming on Jamie Sullivan.
It was.
Belinda's telling everyone that kiss was real.
She's not. She's got her own ideas.
She's like some Puritan.
Demented.
Deranged.
York Ave.
The address?!
And you don't.  What's she doing in there?
You do --
Don't call him a dipshit.
I'm just wondering --
Hypotheticals --
No thinking. The doctor only gives you three seconds to decide --
I'm thinking.
I need to whizz.
Where is he? He's supposed to be here.
No. Thanks. Gotta keep my wits for the drive home.
Get yourself a glass.
What kind of a man are you, son?
I'm very sorry --
Me.
You.
Landon Carter. I was driving the car that --
Who are you?
Yes.
But if you could, you would?
Landon. I can't even do for myself.
Will you do something for me?
You'll be fine for a few minutes.
Can I -- go out?
It's not that simple.  It costs money to do this at home.
I'll talk to your father.
No.  Maybe I believe God has a bigger dream for me than I had for myself.  Maybe I believe the journey, the big adventure, never ends...
Because you have hope that you'll get better?
It's gone now.
Better. I was really angry.
How're you doing?
That was read at my parents' wedding.
'Love is always patient and kind. It is never boastful or conceited -- '
'Find out who you are and do it on purpose.' Dolly Parton.
Lower. Same page.
'What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.' Aristotle.
Tired.
How you doing?
I was going to fake it.
You know how to waltz??
I'm not going back to school.
Whatever you need. Whatever Jamie needs. I'm here.  I could start by driving her to school --
That's what I mean.
I've talked to your father.
I don't want to come here anymore.
Now? We just --
That I want you to take me home.
What are you thinking?
I used to like yogurt.
Slim Jim? Apple? Yogurt? You like yogurt.
Nothing.
Anything you want.
Nope.
I will.
Help me live until I die?
All the time.  I feel like I have no one.
Are you frightened?
No. The drugs just stopped working. If anything, doing things I love kept me healthy longer.
I made you do too many things, kept you up all night --
I should have told you sooner --
I'm so sorry. I'm a coward --
The doctors said to do everything the same as long as possible.  I didn't want anyone being -- weird around me.
Why didn't you tell me?
Then I'll take you home. You'll feel better tomorrow.
I'm sick.
Jamie --
Where? Why?
Pull over.
What are you going to -- ?
No.
You're going to take a year off? Join the Peace Corps -- ?
I'm not applying to college.
You're worried about your college applications.
Yes, one of many.
One of your secrets.
Yes. I try to keep my power.
That what you do?
Care, but just don't let it get to you. It gives them power.
I don't care.
From citizen high to citizen low.
Because I had it named for you. I know it's not an official designation --
Here. Why am I looking at this star?
Sure.
Can you locate XXI5639I?
Me.
What's the best thing I can see tonight?
I'm always home by midnight and he's always asleep.
What about your father?
Ergo?
No. Why? Are you seducible?
Are you trying to seduce me?
Hoped for it.
You planned this --
A Thermos of hot coffee. A blanket. Socks.
Mars doesn't rise until 2:30
Mars.
So what do you want to see?
In my back yard.  I lied before. It's hardly started. But when it's done, it will have twice the power of this one --
Where's the one you're building?
It's an alt-azimuth design with one parabolic mirror and one secondary flat one.
I was twelve.
When did you build this?
The truth. I just left you out of it.
What'd you tell your father?
Look. Talk. Not talk.
What would you do up here?
From here he proved to me the earth isn't flat.  On rainy days, we'd be above the clouds.
Before the divorce. My father used to take me here. Fire spotting was his summer job.
How do you know this place?
Away from here.
Where?
Come on.
The Challenger exploded. Principal Kelly's about to make an announcement.
What's wr--?
Twice a year.
Assholes. This happen to you?
That. And less strange.
Loved?
You make me feel...
Not possible.
I might do it wrong.
Maybe you're not supposed to.
I don't understand...
Wonder. Beauty. Joy.  Love.
What do you actually know with religion?
Uncertainty makes you uncomfortable.
We can measure wind.
I'm sure. Pretty sure.
You're sometimes not sure?
It's places like this that make me certain there's a God.
You're straddling the state line. You're in two places at once.
You're acting like a crazy person.
Where?
Stand right here.
That what's happening to you, only faster?
The cells in our bodies are always changing. In six or seven years all your cells have changed. You could be like a completely new person from the inside out.
Fun.
Excuse me?
What are you talking about?
It's about working with what you already have -- right now -- at your fingertips -- you know, spontaneously.
Before we do this, I just want to say that a good life's gotta be about more than achieving stuff -- like on your list.
We're doing something -- ?
Before we do this.
I know you want to.
No.
Your turn.
We're going somewhere. After. And no. I didn't ask your father.
It's only 7:30.
I have to get you home by one.
Is there a rush?
I wanted this to be a date.
I can't believe you asked my father's permission.
I'm not allowed to date.
Why not?
Yes. But not as a date date.
You.
What?
Like fire.
No.  But are you -- impressed?
Why are you doing all this? To impress me?
She great or what?
I heard what you did. Thank you.
Hey.
It means you can do anything.
What does that mean?!
When I have something to say.
So you're talking to me?
Yeah, with a finish in about a decade.
It's a start.
Because then you couldn't hide behind your books and your telescope and your sweater and your God.
And why would that scare me?
You don't either. Take a look at yourself. Maybe you're scared that someone might actually like you --
You don't know what you want --
I don't want to be just your friend --
You don't know the first thing about being someone's friend --
Okay. Maybe some of that is true --
Prove it.
It's not.
All of it.
That sounds like horseshit.
Maybe you inspire me.
And that would ruin your reputation how?
People can see.
You're hardly nice to anyone.
I haven't been nice to you.
Thank you. So were you.
You were great the other night.
Healthy as can be.
He okay?
Then maybe you can read mine.
That's it! Exactly! You're reading my mind --
So it's like you want to be secret friends.
That would be the reason.
Belinda's a very jealous person.
Or anywhere where people might see us.
Yeah --
Oh. Just not at school...
Yes. And?
The play's in a couple of weeks.
You don't miss a thing.
You're not in a very good mood.
I'm really glad you think so.
The play's going to be really good.
Sometimes I don't even trust me.
He doesn't trust you.
Your father doesn't like me.
Interpreted by another guy like my father.
The Bible. Why should I read a bunch of dumb stories about some ancient guy who supposedly worked miracles.
You don't believe in anything?
You have to believe to have faith.
There is no point. You live. You die. The end.
I know there's a plan for everyone, but sometimes I don't understand what the message is -- or what the point is.
No.
Do you ever wonder why things happen the way they do?
Like in a church painting. I see this giant hovering over the ground. He's wearing a robe, and has long flowing hair, and he's pointing his finger at something.
Don't you?
But you think about Him -- It -- Her.
My relationship with God is my own.
Yeah.
In ten words or less?
You're really into God, right?
In 76 years, me neither.
Yeah.  I'm probably not going to be around next time it comes.
The dirty snowball at its core.
I'm building a larger one to see the nucleus of Haley's Comet --
I hope so.  I think maybe she sees me now.
Do you believe you'll see your mother again?
Looking for something -- someone.
Looking for intelligent life?
Or building blocks for a world that never formed.
Maybe debris from a moon that broke apart.
But there are thousands of them, made of floating ice --
Before Voyager we expected maybe a dozen rings --
Saturn. Beautiful.
That is my telescope.
What is that?
Could be...
The world of the dead?
Cuz it's dark and quiet and you can see into another world.
Do you think I'm strange?
Yeah. Maybe. I dunno.
Because I try to be nice to people?
Know so.
You think so.
He's a softy. Got him wrapped around my finger.
I know. Don't say anything.
Don't bother!
I'll get something for us to drink --
And you have to meet my father.
No problem --
I do know.  Be two places at once... learn to hit a baseball or turn a cartwheel... eat breakfast with chopsticks...
Like you'd know.
Ambitious.
Spend a year in the Peace Corps. Make a medical discovery --
Get very wasted. Lose your virginity --
You want to tell me...
It's private.
So what else is on this list?
It's like a to-do list, but for my life.
Go for it.
I'll take a chance.
Maybe a little of both.
Are you asking to mock me or do you really want to know?
You got some kind of list?
Good thing.
The reason I got the part... I'm a little like Lizzie. Except I don't worry about some man rescuing me.
Kinda. Yeah.
I'm an enemy?
28 is do something illegal. 42 is befriend an enemy.
What's with the friggin numbers?
So you agree you need help?
What the -- ?!
No. Not like you.
Like me.
Fire is like a living thing. Wild. Unpredictable.
Because that's where the fire is?
Why?
Yeah.
Then we both know.  I'll point. You drive. Faster.
I know you don't want help.
My act?!
-- Your act only works with an audience.
That's deep --
-- I know you don't suck at acting.
This play -- ?
-- This play means a lot to me.
You're like this fly, buzzing buzzing everywhere --
'Yes. You're-you're b-b- beautiful.'
'Is it really me?'
'Believe in yourself and they will. Let me ask you, Lizzie. Look in the mirror? Are you pretty --?'
'They won't.'
'I hope your dreams come true.'
Good, cuz talking to you is like trying to explain red to a blind person.
I don't want to have any conversation.
Can't you have a normal conversation?
Like what? The moons of Jupiter?
You mean care what you say? I'm worrying about other things.
-- I wear the sweater because I'm cold. I read because no one talks to me. My hair is my hair. What is it exactly that's bothering you?
Your book and your brown sweater and your hair. What's more to know -- ?
You don't know me.
Were?
Because, growing up, books were my world.
-- Obviously.
I don't make small talk --
-- This your idea of small talk?
He goes to my father's church. He could've died --
I was wrong. Nobody could have wanted or loved your mother more than we did. Not even God.
When Mom died you told me God wanted her more, loved her more --
By making me ill, he is punishing me!  I just don't know what for.
That's normal. God accepts your anger. He won't punish you.
I am mad at you! And at Landon! And the universe! And God!  I don't even know where to put all my anger.
Jamie, you're not mad at me. You're mad at Landon --
No you didn't.  But he did change. Just not enough.
This -- him -- Landon -- is what's best for me!
No. I want what's best for you.
Maybe. But that's not the real reason. You think if I tell, he'll disappear and that's what you want! Me all to yourself!
It's time to tell him.  It would be the right thing.
Dad --
I'm asking how much.
I have expectations, too.
Boys like him have -- expectations.
It was a play.
I saw the way he looked at you. The way he kissed you.
No.
Did you give him a gift?
I thought we had rid ourselves of his disagreeable companionship.
Up to?
What's Landon Carter up to?
Dad, I've become a woman without her. Just not a pretty one.
I'm sorry your mother isn't here to help you become a woman.
Fine. But I need to start deciding how to spend my time and my life.
I don't want you to see him outside school activities.
I'm supposed to always be alone?
Jamie, he's careless. Reckless.  Is this really the best time to be making a new friend...?
By accident --
He wants help with his lines --
The Carter boy. Tell me about him.
She did. It was you.
I'm sorry she never got her miracle.
Jamie wanted that. She told me.
Yes.
You're marrying again.
Getting by.
Yes. You?
You've been well?
She did. But hardly anyone does anything truly alone.
I thought she built it herself.
I helped Jamie with the first one.
You know about this stuff?
For the focuser?
I'm using an old phonographic turntable.
You have materials for the side bearings?
In there.
I've almost finished the rocker. Did she order mirrors?
I need to be with her.
I'm not tired.
Landon. You go on home.
If there is a God, how could he let this happen??!!
Landon. We've lived with this for over a year now and --
Praying.
Her doctors have. Jamie and I. We're still praying for a miracle.
How -- how long does she have?
It's her decision and she's decided not to tell people -- at least for now.
Either. Both.
Materially or spiritually?
How do you -- the two of you -- get by?
Since I was five. My mom's a cocktail waitress.
Your parents are divorced?
We didn't tell him any different for years --
Okay. Sure.  My grandfather. When he was seven, he shook the hand of an old guy, a war vet or something, who had once shaken President Lincoln's hand.  Made a big impression on him.
How about your family?
You decide.
Like what, sir?
So talk to us about something.
No.
Landon. You're not the quiet type.
Ever again.
This week.
I don't want to see her hurt.
I care for her.
That won't be possible.
I'd like to take Jamie to dinner on New Year's Eve.
Yes, sir.
Does it have to do with Jamie?
Reverend Sullivan. Can I ask you something?
Let's get something straight. You don't know me. I don't know you. But I know what you're about.  Keep your distance from this house -- and from Jamie.
Apropos of nothing... so. So so so so --
Lead man.
You're in the play?
You're welcome.
Thank you.
I'd gladly write you a letter of recommendation.
I've seen students with records like yours go to J.C. for a couple of years, then transfer to a good college.
You came here to give me my report card?
Your grades for fall semester. They're -- good.
I didn't say you did.
It's mine to give. I didn't steal it.
Where did you get -- ?
For Jefferson High. For books.
-- You can and you will, Mr. Carter.
No way. No thanks. I can't do it --
Then you remember more than I do.
Landon, none of us faculty see you the way you see yourself.  Some of us remember how your father --
You don't. That's the point.
When do I get time for me?
Or something. They're doing a play for the holidays.
I'd work backstage or something?
Finally, I'd like you to join the drama club. Rehearsals are Tuesday and Thursday evenings.
I'm as underprivileged as they are --
For the inner satisfaction it will bring.  Saturday mornings, I'd like you to tutor disadvantaged students at our sister school --
For pay?
Besides attending all your regular classes, I'd like you to help our janitorial staff after school --
Please.
Shall I give you a few ideas?
How would you do that, Mr. Carter?
I'd do that --
You could grace our hallowed halls again, if, while you're here, you make a sincere effort to be part of our little school community --
I want to come back.
Finding the real world to your liking, Mr. Carter?
That's right.  The world is your oyster.
Now I can do what I want.
That's right. You just act like one.
I'm no dummy.
Like you'd make it to June. Even cutting half your classes, you have a B- average.
Okay. Make me an isosceles.
Scalene?
What else? What kind of triangle has three sides of different lengths.
A similar triangle?
So what did we just make?
Are you?
Yeah.
Am I at the same angle to you and the basket as before?
Where's your old man?
What do you want, Biff?
Listen you little Asshole, I oughta --
The day I show respect to Biff Tannen will be the day I win a million dollars... What's the matter, Biff, they're not showing you any respect down at the golf course? Don't they realize what a tough job it is keeping the criminal element away from the country club?
Show me some respect, you little asshole. It's Special Officer Tannen to you.
What do you want, Biff?
Well, well, he smirked when Marty opened the door. If it isn't the neighborhood bootlegger, Al Capone McFly?
No....
And you never heard of rock 'n roll?
Uh, yes, sir...
This is 1952....?
I beg your pardon?
I don't get it. How come there's no rock 'n roll?
Yes, sir!
This... is the number one single?
I don't know. National Cash Register?
What's N.R.C.?
Third time they've been out there this week.
Dick, what's with those guys out there in the gutter? 
Hot tip,  Rubber Biscuit in the third race at Arlington.
Gimme some chili, fries, and a Tab.
Marty. What's for breakfast?
Morning Dick.
You do?
I think I know exactly what you mean.
You mean like how you're supposed to act with someone on a first date?
Well, Eileen...jeez, that's hard for me to say. Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way, but when you get there, you don't know if you can go through with it?
Uh, yeah, well, believe me, I sure feel like I know you!
I'm usually nervous myself on first dates...but not tonight. It's funny, but somehow, I feel like....like I know you.
Oh, no, I'm fine...fine.
Are you all right, Marty? You seem a little...nervous.
Listen,  Professor Brown told me you called last night and gave me your message...
Hi, Marty!
Marty, you haven't been listening. Nobody's asked me to the dance...yet.
He comes out of the cafeteria line, he's nervous, he spills his corn, and he asks you to the dance!
But he does! Don't you see?
But he didn't ask me.
George! He's supposed to ask you to the dance!
Yeah. Maybe so.
Nine o' clock.  Oh, I'm late! Maybe I'll see you later.
What time does school start around here?
School? I never thought of school! If I went to school I could blend in with everybody else, couldn't I?
Then you'll be going to school here....?
Oh, I'm feeling much better now.
Well, I was on my way to school, and I just wanted to stop by and see if you were feeling okay.  You seemed like you were in pretty bad shape the other night.
How could I forget?  Oh, sure, I remember you.
You remember me...?
Uh, hi....
Hi, Marty.
Have we ever met before?
Huh?
Poly-what?
It's polyester.
Uh, thanks...
Here's your jacket!
Seventeen.
How old are you?
I don't think I like the idea of you staying out all night with a girl!
Mom, how else are we gonna see the sunrise?
You mean you're going to stay up all night?
That's good.
Oh yeah.
Learn anything?
Fine.
How was school today?
I was practicing. I've got an audition next week -- I gotta practice. How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice?
I've been calling you for five minutes! Didn't you hear me?
Oh -- I'm all right. Say, listen, about this dance Saturday night --
How are you?
Uh, hi, Eileen.
No!
Is that what you were going to ask me, George? To go to the dance?
George, if you don't want Chinese food, pick a place you want to go and make a reservation.
Eileen, Chinese food again?
By the way, that reminds me...  Saturday night we're taking Grandma Stella out for Chinese food.
Coming, Eileen...
Now, George! Dinner's ready now!
No, George, just concentrate on the anger. Anger.
Maybe if I used my left....
Yes, definitely, god dammit George, swear. Then you hit me in the stomach, I go down for the count, and you and Eileen life happily ever after. Now, hit me in the stomach.
Oh. Uh... 'Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her!'  George paused. You really think I should swear?
Your line, George!
George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just remember that at 9:00, you'll be strolling through the parking lot and you'll see us -- struggling in the car, you'll run over, open the door and say....?
You mean, you're gonna --
Why is she gonna get angry with you?
Why what?
Why?
Okay. So right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me -
In the parking lot, with her.
And where am I gonna be?
I'm going to be at the dance.
You're not picking a fight, you're coming to her rescue. Maybe we'd better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at 8:55?
But I've never picked a fight in my entire life!
How many times do I have to explain it to you?... We know you're not a fighter. You know it, I know it... but she doesn't know it. That's why we gotta make you look like a fighter, somebody who'll stand up for her, somebody who isn't chicken. And you're not gonna look like a fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach.
Look, Marty, I'm just not a fighter...
You're not gonna hurt me. Just hit me in the stomach.
I don't want to hit you in the stomach!
Bic... It's a Bic pen.
'Bike fine point?'
Lemme see that.
It was Marty's turn to be confused. Huh?
What is that? A pencil that writes in ink?
Nothing. Look, I'll write it down for you, okay?
Huh?
Christ, it's a miracle I was even born! 
Oh, no! That was for the cafeteria! This is different!
Say what you were supposed to say in the cafeteria.
What do I say?
Okay, then!
Well... yeah...
George, she's beautiful, right? She's nice, she's decent, she's the kind of girl you'd like to marry, right? And there's nothing in the world you'd like more than to take her to that dance, right?
Not now....
You've gotta ask her to the dance!
Jeez, what do you think? To see it!
The sunrise? What for?
Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm taking Suzy Parker.
No, Chinese food is fine.
Good.
Oh yeah.
Learn anything?
Fine..
The drill!  The power drill I bought you for Christmas. I was using it last night.
What drill?
Dad, you seen the drill?
Run out of gas?
Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas. Like, what if we run out?
You're the only Mr. Lewis in this class.  If you have something to say, say it so the whole class can hear.
Who, me?
Marty. Marty Lewis.
You have a name?
Uh -- yeah. I'm new here, and I'm supposed to be in this class.
Yes, that's my name. Who are you, young man? Are you supposed to be here?
Hey, Mr. Arky, gimme a break!  I'm seventeen years old! I'm not responsible for all these problems!
Unfortunately, the way things are going, you may get your wish. You may see the entire annhiliation of the world. If not, you'll certainly see the destruction of all out natural resources. We can already see the air we breathe, not to mention the pollution in our rivers and lakes. We'll  see all of our oil reserves depleted, in fact, all of our energy sources. Yes, you people have a lot to look forward to -- a lot to see.
Yeah, explode it up your ass!
All I can say is, that's one helluva attitude, Mr. McFly. 'Let's explode a hundred megaton Geothermal nuclear device, just to see it.'
You know damn well that's not what I meant.
Mr. McFly here wants to nuke it all, just so he can see it!
Not a holocaust --
You'd like to see a nuclear holocaust?
Nineteen fifty --
What year?
March 11th.
Operator, what's today's date?
I'm sorry, there's no answer.
Five cents, please.
Oh -- right! Uh, Madison 3489.
Local calls cost five cents. What number do you want?
What?
Sir, it only costs a nickel.
Operator! Listen, this is an emergency! I have to make this call, but I don't have a dime -- all I got is a nickel -- but you gotta connect me --
Operator...
Pro! Release the rope!
What?!
Yeah,  Right.
Okay, Martin. You have a good evening now.
Home, school, here... 
Been any place unusual in the past twelve hours?
No, no, not beyond an acceptable level. Have you been X-rayed recently, Martin?
What, am I radioactive or something?
What's this all about?
Good evening, one said. Agents Reese   and Foley, from the Nuclear Regulatory Commition.  Mind stepping over here?
It's the most beautiful city I've ever seen! What is it?
Pretty, isn't it?
The Orpheum.
What theater was I at?
But I told everyone your disappearance was due to a teleportation experiment you were helping me with. So don't mention anything about time travel to anyone.
Obviously!  
According to your girlfriend, Suzy Parker, you and she were at the movies. You went to the restroom and you never came out. Obviously, you stepped through an inter-dimensional time warp, created by the original operation of the time machine.
But if you didn't rebuild the time machine, how did I go back in time in the first place?
87 states? Time travel bans? What the hell?
You see, I never rebuilt the time machine after it was destroyed in 1952. I decided that experimenting with time and possibly changing history was too risky. Anyway, experiments in time travel were banned in all 87 states after the governor of Cuba caught Dr. Felstien fooling around in the Bermuda Triangle -- that was back in '64.
A car.
What do you call this? 
Hop in, Marty, . We've got a long drive ahead of us.
1982! March 18, just like we planned! My calculations were absolutely correct! Thirty years! God, I cannot believe it's been thirty years! Sure, it was a long time ago -- longest I've ever had to wait for the results of an experiment!
What year is this?
Professor -- there are some doors that shouldn't be opened, Marty said softly, without turning around.
Marty,  I know I've repeatedly asked you not to tell me anything about the future, but....well, those loud bangs on the tape recorder....are they....
Professor Brown grinned. I guess I'll see you in... about 30 years.
Thanks for everything, Pro.
We're at one and a half miles, so you're just a little over a mile from where you want to be,  Wait until minus 3 minutes before you go -- that should give you plenty of time, and it should be close enough to zero hour that they can't do anything to stop you. Park the truck at 800 and get in the refri-- the time chamber. Just be sure the nose of the truck is pointed at the bomb....the power converter will do the rest.
It was sure nice of Uncle Sam to put those yardage markers up for us. 
Curious...  Very curious.
Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire life!
You didn't?
It could happen at the moment you arrive back in the future, theoretically, it could happen at the moment of your birth...or conception. Actually, it could happen at any time. It's a question to which I hope we'll never learn the answer.
Perfect...
There's no way of knowing.
Professor, if something does go wrong tonight... if I don't get my parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to exist?
It'll be fine, Marty.  You'll be fine. Good luck. He stuck his hand out and Marty shook it. But there was still a question that was nagging at him...
That's just what I needed to hear.
Look, Marty, she's not your mother yet. And if you don't go through with this, she may never be. I know it's hard, but there are some things we must do in life that are unpleasant. Some choices must be made that are difficult. Nonetheless, we must make them. Besides, this may be more than a simple question of your own existence, he added. The fate of the entire space-time continuum may rest on your shoulders . Marty tried to smile at him.
That's exactly what I said! I mean, a guy and his mother -- that's illegal, isn't it?
Nobody said anything about hitting her! You're just going to take a few liberties with her.
Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother, he admitted to the Professor. I mean, I don't know if I can do it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty heavy.
Good. Professor Brown tested the tarp, noting in satisfaction that it was secure. I'll pick you up in front of the school at midnight. Don't be late -- we're cutting it close as it is. We've got a long drive ahead of us.
That's all taken care of.
Jesus!
In a manner of speaking, yes. And because of that, she's no longer interested in your father.
Are you trying to tell me that my mother's got the hots for me?
Apparently, what has happened is that the maternal instinct has transcended the gap of time and this has caused an alteration in your mother's emotional behavior.
But why? Why would she do that? She's supposed to marry the guy!
My guess is that she turned him down.
But that's impossible!! George asked her out! He had to! I saw him walk her home! Oh, God!
Your 'mother' wanted me to tell you that she was very impressed by what you did this afternoon, and that if you were interested in going to the dance Saturday, she's available.
Believe me, Professor, running around on a nuclear test site can't be any more dangerous than what I've been doing.
The test is this Monday! 15 megatons... Let's see, we need 4200 rads...  You'd have to be...exactly 800 yards from ground zero... You realize that what we're going to do could be extremely dangerous.
I brought it with me from 1982. It's from my science book.
Where did you get this?
You better make sure your old man asks her out, because if he doesn't, they may never have a first date. And if they don't have a first date, they won't have a second date. If they don't have a second date, they won't fall in love. If they don't fall in love, they won't get married, and if they don't get married, you'll never be born!
Look, it's not a big deal! I can fix it! All I gotta do is get 'em together and make sure my old man asks her out!
You did what?!?
I know.
Curious... Very curious....
Well, it was there.
I don't recall ever seeing it before.
Oh -- that -- I found it in the closet.
Say, where did this guitar come from?
You forget -- time travel is instantaneous. The time machine would melt, but you would have already travelled through time. Of course, it's a moot point regardless. The only place atomic bombs are detonated is at the Army's Nevada Test Site, and those tests are kept absolutely top secret.
You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and the time machine in a matter of seconds!
I am serious. If we could get you, the time machine, and the power converter in the vicinity of an atomic blast, we could send you back to the future.
Professor, be serious, would you?
An atomic bomb.
Okay, Professor, I get where you're coming from. The way I look, the way I'm dressed...  I'd stick out like a sore thumb.
Let me put it on a level you can understand. You don't belong here. You don't know anything about this world. You don't know the customs, you don't know how to talk, how to act -- you don't even look like you belong here. And if you walked out on the street, you wouldn't get 100 yards without being arrested. Then there would be questions, and where would we come up with the answers?
I don't know, but I don't want to take any chances! Now you stay here and don't do anything. Don't answer the door, don't answer the phone, don't go outside. Understand?
Hey, look, gimme a break! All I did was answer the door! How's that gonna change history?
Then I would have figured out to get back in through the events in the natural course of history! Don't you understand? The fabric of history is very delicate. Anything you do could have serious consequences!
What if you lost your keys?
I told you not to interfere with any of the events of this time! Nobody's supposed to see you here! What if I was a mailman? Or a salesman?
You were ringing the doorbell!
You answered the door!
That's just great!
4200 rads...  That certainly can't be generated under controlled conditions in this day and age.
We don't....
Professor. Well, not exactly, Professor. You see, we don't point it at the sun.
Just a guess. I figured kids would still be drinking Coke in 1982.
How did you know?
Blast it -- no, I suppose you're right.... You do know the proper chemical formula?
Well, Professor, are you sure you want me to tell you? You know, changing the course of history and all....
Of course! The power converter! It works! Of course, it works...  What chemicals do we use?
The power converter...
On second thought, there may be some things you'll have to tell me.
Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... I can get behind -- I agree with you.
Pardon me?
No! Don't tell me!  I don't want to know the future! My knowledge of future events... your mere presence here... could have devastating effects on the course of history. And altering history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. My immediate response is to send you back to your own time.
You didn't, Professor. It was an accident! You see, what happened --
You've convinced me that you must be who you say you are. No living human has ever seen this machine.  But why? Why even in my twilight years would I remotely consider sending someone back in time?
Yeah, a shopping mall. You know, a shopping mall?
A mall?
Well, there's a mall here now -- I mean, there will be.
Oh, yeah.
Must have been? Used to live? I do live here.
Jeez -- this is where you used to live, huh? You must have been rich!
Uh, Marty Lewis! I almost didn't recognize him -- haven't seen him in years.
Marty.
He will be. Simple inebriation, is all. The young man must have a rather low tolerance for alcohol... something that runs in the family. You see, he's a second cousin of mine on my mother's side. Came quite a distance to visit me, he added. His name's Lewis.
Ssshhhhh!
Professor, you time machine works! It works! It sent me back in time! I'm from 1982!
You know me?
Professor? Professor Brown?
Sure, he agreed quickly.
The future, Marty, the future is everything! I built this machine to see the future. So I am going to send Shemp twenty-four hours into the future. You can assist me, if you like.
All I know is you're throwing away an awful lot of money.
Don't you understand? The mere act of sending matter back in time would change the course of events, and changing history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear.
So what? We'd be rich!
Marty, that would alter history.
Sure! Listen -- we take the racing results from today's paper...
A gold mine?
Professor, can this thing send Shemp back in time?
Of course. Shemp is unaware that anything even happened, other than his stool suddenly falling over. We had to wait two minutes to catch up to him, but for Shemp the trip was instantaneous.
Is Shemp all right?
Exactly two minutes difference...  and it's still ticking!
Why?
The plutonium! That's what I came over here for! Professor, where did you get that stuff?
Precisely! 
A time machine! Because of that Coke?!
Now hold on a minute, Professor! Hold the phone. Are you trying to tell me that this -- all of this here -- that this is -- it's a -- a --
Shemp is right here in this room...two minutes from now, and at exactly 9:02PM, we'll catch up to him.
The future? What are you talking about? Where's Shemp?!
The appropriate question to ask is when the hell is he! You see, Shemp has just become the world's first time traveller. I've sent Shemp into the future -- two minutes into the future to be exact.
Then where the hell is he?
No, Marty. Shemp's molecular structure is completely intact!
Get behind the shield! I'm about to release radiation!
But Professor --
...To be traveled through
Catch you later! 
Jeez, for a guy with a ton of clocks, you sure don't pay much attention to time.
Oh, right, right... 
Pro, the sun's out!
AM or PM?
Eight thirty.
Oh -- Marty -- what time did you say it was?
Nope. The way I figure it, doors are made to be opened. See you after school.
Did you ever consider that some doors are locked for a reason?
A 35mm film chain... I'll see what I can do....
That reminds me, if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain, I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater.
The power of a million hydrogen bombs!  ...and we get twenty four measly volts. It's not fair! I've been working on this power converter since 1949, and you'd think in all that time, I could find the right chemicals that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy! But no! Thirty three years of dedication and research, and all I've got to show for it is a bootleg video operation!
Shhhhhhhh!
Professor Brown! It's almost eight thirty -- I'm outta here!
Dick Wilson? Dickie Wilson? Dickie Wilson runs this place? That's a laugh!
What happened to Dick Wilson?
I run this place! 
Now who's being stupid? The guy who runs this place.
Dick? Dick who?
Look, maybe I'd better talk to Dick. Is he around?
Sure,.
Sweet and what?  Maybe you'd better pay for this first.
A Tab.
What? 
Uh, yeah... Gimme a Tab.
What did you do to yours?
What did you do to your hair?
Hi, Marty!
Suzy!
Is  something going to happen Saturday night?
Hell no! The way my mom carries on about sex -- you even mention the word and she goes into cardiac arrest. You shoulda seen her face when I told her we were gonna stay up all night Saturday, he added. Always afraid something is going to happen.
Me neither. I've always wondered whether they slept together before they got married. You think yours did?
No way!
Can you imagine your parents in bed together?
Yeah... Jesus! I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve to marry my mom.
No self confidence, I guess... At least you don't take after him.
...He just lets himself get pushed around all the time! People walk all over him and he never fights back, never stands up for himself.
You expect me to believe that?
Yeah.
You promise to stay down there for an hour?
You don't mind?
Okay.
Nah, skip that... I'm going to have to keep an eye on you, though.
Can't afford to take chances.
What's going on?
No... You go in there, I'll have to kill you.
Yeah, he said for you to give us a lift into town. You're the ones with the Studebaker, aren't you?
Oh yeah?
He said not to tell.
Gone?... Where?
Well, he's gone.
Hi. where's Cato?
Okay.
I'll catch up with you.
Okay.
Kit... Maybe I'd better get a shovel.
No, he showed me one.
That's what he told you, huh?
She plays the clarinet, too.
Yeah, I guess.
They come with the house.
Where'd you get them antlers?
Well, I don't notice us hustling trash, either.
Running this place for a fella in town. Nothing much to speak of.
What you been doing?
Not bad.
How you doing, Cato?
What do you mean?
Catch!
He never bit me.
Does he bite?
Oh, flies... grasshoppers when I can catch 'em.
What do you feed him?
Yeah.
That your spider in there? In that bottle?
Kind of round, like so... Gold. I'll show you if you want.
What'd they look like?
Sometimes. The other day, though, an old boy was plowing in the field over there, found some old Spanish coins.
Don't you ever get bored around here?
I can't think of anything at the moment... I'd like you to write me out a slip, though, proving I came down here.
What kind of work do you think you would be qualified for?
Wouldn't be here if I hadn't.
You lost that one?
I used to throw trash for the City.
You ever held another job before?
I know you do. Good luck to you, too.
I mean it.
Thanks.
Good luck to you.
Tom...
Well, Kit...
Sure.
Holly's over here, Kit, if you want to see her.
Sure thing. Come on.
Well, I've got to read them first. Suppose I could get a Coke while I do?
I need to get your signature on some papers here, Kit.
Hey, listen, Tom, I don't mean to tell you how to run your show here but these cuffs are pinching. What do you say now?
I don't know. Always wanted to be a criminal, I guess. Just not this big a one... Takes all kinds though.
Then why'd you do it?
They're okay.
You like people?
Mmmmm.
Kit... Kit, I've got a question for you.
Nope.
You ever had to open it up like that before?
Thirty aught six.
Say, what kind of rifle was that you were shooting at me?
You better not leave that Cadillac sitting out here.
We did it, Ray.
Long as my ammo held out... Right there's where you caught me.
Oh yeah?
Cause I can't allow it.
Yeah? Why not?
No, you're not either.
For coming onto my property... With a gun.
What for?
Well, I got it all planned... and I'm taking Holly off with me.
What do you think you're doing? Go on, get out of here.
I've got a gun here, sir. It's always a good idea to have one around.
What're you doing?
Hi.
She'd get along okay. And if she didn't, well, she could take off, just take off, I wouldn't mind... I'd always tell people I deserved it.
Well, it's not good enough.  Just what do you think would happen to her if she stuck around with you, Kit? Guy like you.
Listen. I got a lot of respect for her, sir.  That's about as good a one as I know to tell you.
Yeah.
Is that right?
You know, before I met her, nobody could ask me how I was doing with my girl. Matter of fact, I didn't really have one.
I wasn't aware there was any law against it.
What'd you come out here for?
Sure is pretty.
Well, I've felt that way, hadn't you?
Yeah. I can imagine.
I've got to stick by Kit... He feels trapped.
I don't know.
You love him?
Jack.
What's your friend's name?
Okay.
You have to ask Kit. He says frog, I jump.
What's going to happen to Jack and me?
We're going to have to sit down, and talk about that sometime.
Yeah.
Course it's too bad about your dad.
What?
I just don't want to go.
Have you got a better idea?
He's not coming to take us for a ride, either. Come on, let's make a run for the car.
Yeah.
Boy. I had a feeling today was going to be the day... Helicopter.
Yeah.
You smoke Pall Mall?
Well. I'm not going to let that stop me.
You know... they'd probably ask to see your driver's license before they hired you.
I'm sorry. I wasn't listening.
Nothing... I was just running off at the mouth... as usual.
What?
Well, I shouldn't expect miracles, should I?
No.
Never mind. It doesn't matter... If I'm worth a damn, I'll pick the right direction. And if I'm not, well, I don't care. See what I mean?
How about over here?
Well, maybe the slope here is throwing it off some. We ought to find a more flat place.
Well, maybe we oughta be stuck here. I'm not saying that I know.
Yeah, then we'd be stuck here.
I could've pulled the car up on the tracks, slowed it down some.
It was going too fast.
Maybe we should've tried to hop it.
I'm serious.
Everybody loves trout.
Well, I'll catch you a big trout. Soon as we get to the mountains.
Well, I feel kind of like an animal living out here. I mean, there's no place to bathe and... no place to get anything good to eat.
Why not? I mean, I'm having fun... At least I'm not bitching.
I never been to Montana... Acquaintance of mine has, but I hadn't... Never had any reason to.
That's Montana over there.
"Rumor: Frank Sinatra and Rita Hayworth are in love... Fact: True, but not with each other."
I don't blame him.
"Rumor: Pat Boone is seriously considering giving up his career so he can return to school full-time and complete his education. Fact: Pat has told intimates that so long as things are going well for his career, it's the education that will have to take the back seat."
Soon as I start the car... and fix my hat.
I'd like to get out of here.
Guess there's no way I'll ever know. For sure.
Yes.
Positive?
No.
Anybody ever done that to you before?
Don't.
Well, why you always walking behind me?
Hey, why're you always walking ahead of me?
Excuse me.
Later we found out she was deaf and we hadn't even known it.
Well, we'll see about that... Hey, lookie.
I don't want a steak.
Yeah, you look tired... Listen, honey. when all this is over, I'm going to sit down and buy you a big, thick steak.
Yeah.
You tired?
Just to keep him out of the sun.
What'd you put him in there for?
Well, I'm not going down there and look.
I don't know.
Think I got 'em?
Just looking.
Whatcha looking in there for? We can't afford any of that.
He didn't say anything to me about it.
Is he upset?
I got him in the stomach.
How's he doing?
Look at all this junk.
Put that down. It's dirty.
I found a lid. It was laying on the ground over there.
He was nervous.
"The Kon-Tiki in motion was a little different from what it usually was in such conditions. We had become sensitive to changes in the rhythm of the logs. I thought at once of suction from the coast, which was drawing near, and was continually out on the deck and up the mast..."
Yeah, me too.
I'm fine. Kind of tired.
How you doing?
Wouldn't be funny... Listen, I'll be back in a while.
Suppose the neighbors heard the noise?
They're not going to listen to me. You either. Are you kidding?
Why?
You said that once already... Too late now.
Listen, maybe we ought to tell somebody about this.
You don't believe me, see for yourself.
Are you sure?
Well... I don't think that'd work.
We better call the doctor... Listen. I'll say how it happened, part I saw.
I can look and see.
How bad off is he?
I came in the front.
Okay, but I'm going to keep it for a souvenir...
Don't call me stupid.
Well, that's the point, stupid.
But it would hurt.
That we should crunch our hands with this stone. That way we'd never forget what happened today.
What?
You know what I think?
Don't ask me.
Gosh, what was everybody talking about?
Yeah.
Is that all there is to it?
Yeah.
Did it go the way it 'uz supposed to?
Kids eat that kind of stuff in Korea.
I don't care.
Somebody else is going to get it.
No.
There's an old Fudgesicle over there. You want it?
My stomach's growling.
It's your play.
And the flowers... Let's not pick them. They're so nice.
Yeah, the tree makes it nice.
What a nice place.
Okay.
Can I come around and see you tomorrow?
Yeah?
Just don't... I've got a headache.
Why not?
Yeah, but I don't like it.
Anybody ever call you "Red"?
I know.
You're a redhead.
Bring it along.
Well, I got homework.
You want to go for a ride?
I don't know.
Yeah, well, I'm going to work as a cowboy now... Or thinking about it. It's a routine, like anything. What do you think?
Something mi trabajo.
How do you say "Quit my Job" in Spanish?
Spanish.
Just seemed like the right move... Whatcha doing?
Great.
Quit my job.
Well, stop the world.
Hi.
Well, I mean there's nothing he wants to know about it... I've got to run.
There you go.
Nothing.
Now what's he know about garbage, huh?
Yeah.
He'll say that?
Well, that I shouldn't be seen with anybody that collects garbage.
Sure.
Can I be honest?
What?
Well, I know what my daddy's going to say.
Hey, wait a minute. When am I going to see you again?
That's my father. I got to run.
Well, I don't mind getting up early, so I got a job throwing garbage... I'm not in love with the stuff, okay.
Doing what?
Nah, I got me a job.
You still in school?
Well, nobody asked me what I thought. They just hung it on me.
It's okay.
Oh, incidentally, my last name is Carruthers. Sounds a little too much like "druthers", doesn't it?
Well. I got some stuff to say. Guess I'm kind of lucky that way. Most people don't have anything on their minds, do they?
What for?
Listen, Holly, you want to take a walk with me?
Holly.
Well, I was just messing around over there, thought I'd come over and say hello to you.  I'll try anything once.  What's your name? I said mine.
No.
Hi, I'm Kit. I'm not keeping you from anything important, am I?
Sure.
Well, I'd like to leave a message, if that's okay.
What's that?
Well, he didn't have it last night.
No, of course not. It's only that he called last night and asked if I could come by.
Yeah. I'd invite you inside, except it's contagious. Don't want to start an epidemic.
Really?
Yeah, but the thing about him, he's down with the flu. He's sick.
Hi... ah, Mister Scarborough here?
Hi.
Okay, no monkey business then.
Yes.
You're my friend, aren't you?
Don't worry, I won't let her drive.
Fine.
Listen, ah... We're going to take the Cadillac for a while. How'd that be?
Yes.
Good a way to kill time as any... She okay?
Just thinking.
Hi, whatcha doing?
Stay as long as you like.
Good deal... Oh, uh, we're on the run and we'd like to hang out here for a while. Couple of hours, maybe. How'd that be?
No.
Sorry to barge in on you. Anybody else here besides you two?
Yes.
This your place?
Yes?
Hi.
Git.
Just gimme a chance.
Okay, friend. Start running.
Name is Carruthers. Believe I shoot people every now and then. Not that I deserve a medal.
Who are you?
Well, listen. I'm going to swap you my Cadillac.
It's mine all right.
You didn't walk out here.
Just a second now. That's your truck. isn't it?
Well, matter of fact, I don't have any.
See, we're about out... been driving all night. Actually, I don't even have time to explain it to you.
Well. I'm sorry, sir, but we've got to ask you for it.
Maybe.
Morning... Say, you got any gas?
No.
Wanta sue me?
You tossed my hat out the window.
Beats me.
Think I'll take the juice?
I could've held off an army if I could've gotten behind a rock in the mountains.
Hold it right there.
Hi.
Then that's it!
Halloween. 1938..."War of the Worlds"...that fake radio news broadcast that got everybody scared, thinking that real live Martians were landing in Grover's Mill, New Jersey!  But then it all just turned out to be a hoax.
You mean the guy from the old wine commercials?
November 1, thirty days have September, April, June, and November...when short February's done, all the rest have thirty-one. October 31st!  Halloween!  Don't you get it?  Orson Welles!
Forty-six Yoyodyne employees.  Grover's Mill, New Jersey, 11/1/38.
New Jersey?
All these people applied for drivers' licenses in the same town in New Jersey on the exact same date.
Who're you?
So we'll help.  Let's get crackin'!
They're stealing my chopper!
There's another one we owe 'em.
Rawhide, go find out how Professor Hikita's coming with that formula. Mrs. Johnson, take Casper and Scooter, gas up the Jet Car.
Not me. No way.
You wanna take the chance, Casper?
She gotta be kiddin', right? Vaporize the whole damn planet--?
Nothing to apologize for, Casper.  You've gone beyond the call of duty tonight.  Mind if I get on the horn and radio the Cavaliers--?  They'll be worried.
Forgive the butterfingers, Buckaroo.  Casper Lindley, Knight of the Blue Shield, at your disposal.  And my son, Scooter.
There's a Harley behind those bushes.  Get back to the laboratory and start working on the formula.  We don't have time to ask questions. Just synthesize it-
Planet 10?
Arachtoids.  From Planet Ten.
Antidote to what?  Whose disguises?
It's an antidote. A formula.  Whoever it was on the phone made me scribble this and gave me the ability to penetrate their disguises.
It's your hand, Buckaroo.
Ever since that phony phone call from the President.  Look at this. What is it?
I'm a giant semi-conductor, and there's alien creatures all around us. Form the Eighth Dimension, I think.  Look...
What?
Careful...don't make noise and don't touch me.  I'm hotter than flapjacks.
Buckaroo!  What the Sam Hill!
Which we all know are the forces that tend to pull objects part, right, professor?
We at the Banzai Institute have at last found that way: an alternating gradient synchronizer that softens solid matter by attenuating its electroweak forces!
I'm assigning a couple Blue Shields to protect you around the clock, just in case.
Rawhide tells me Dr. Lizardo escaped...
Buckaroo, I've done an advanced spectrograph analysis on the specimen you pulled off the Jet Car drive shaft.
Smells fermented.  Check in with the Institute, Reno, see if everything's kosher.
The creatures?  They attacked you?  They tried to possess you?
See 'em?  They about had me and the whole damn car for breakfast. Broke my windshield...
Sure do pack a mean wallop...let's go...
We will, old fried, we will.
So I was right.  That's nice to know...
Arachtoid.
Apache?
Just 'grazed' you, huh?
You're a welcome sight...
Yeah. Just grazed me.  The Professor's under the floor too...with the Overthruster...
You okay?
Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems?  You think they're mixed up in this?
I think I'm on to something. You and the guys go back to the house and dig up everything you can on an outfit called Yoyodyne.
What crate?
The deuce you say.  That crate!
Buckaroo, somebody shanghaied the Professor!
That's me. I've been ionized, but I'm okay. I'm, switching on the homing beacon, mark two minute intervals.
And try the President's private number at the hospital.  Make sure this is on the level. We're busy people here.
Go back to the bus and reroute the call.
He went on a senseless crime spree, killed a cop during a bank robbery, got caught and judged insane.  The professor told us they threw away the key.
And his soul black as the Ace of Spades.
The professor and Dr. Emilio Lizardo were actually the first to discover the Eighth Dimension.  Almost fifty years ago.  Before Buckaroo's parents even knew each other.  But there was trouble, a rocket catapult failed and Dr. Lizardo got sucked half in, half out...when they hauled him back ,he wasn't the same guy.  His hair was orange...
First thing I did.
Have you warned Professor Hikita?
Dr. Lizardo's a raving lunatic, Perfect Tommy, a vicious psychopath with crazy eyes and flaming orange hair that once upon a time was mousy brown like yours.
Vanished. Thin air.
Then what?
Same one you had yesterday?
Got a half a tuna sandwich.
I'm starving...somebody, help.
New Jersey brought her back to the bus through heavy fire.  Quite a guy if you want my opinion.
All accounted for?  Where's Penny?
Whorfin?  Does he know we're coming?
It's Whorfin, Buckaroo.  Line 3.
Where's the professor?
Dead.  Damnit!
Sam's dead!  Someone broke into the Jet Car! And things are going haywire over at the lab...
What is it, Tommy?
Buckaroo--! Sorry--
It?  Who does?
It wouldn't tell us the whole story until you got here.  It wasn't to talk to the head honcho.
Yeah, but most of 'em blasted in through the Eighth Dimension in 1938 at Grover's Mills, New Jersey...
Planet 10?  The same Planet 10 you postulated beyond Pluto, Perfect Tommy?  The invisible body?
Let her out?  She's a killer.
Let her out. In my custody.
Running a little late, Buckaroo.
I'm sure we'll find out soon enough.
Hey, any lock can be picked.  So what's he up to?
I look great.  Let's rock 'n' roll.
Everybody ready?  How do we look?  Do we look okay?
She wants a picture.
Not really.  This is pretty important.
Buckaroo, you got a minute--?
Who put this dirty picture in Buckaroo's viewer?
Anybody we know?
Now!
Now, Buckaroo Banzai?
Pull up!  We did it!  Holy shit, we did it!  Pull up!
Boy, I hope so, Buckaroo Banzai.
Does this thing have guns, John Parker?
At least tell them I'm trying!  Tell 'em something--!
I lack the authority, Buckaroo Banzai.
The door's locked.
We're going down!  Onto the runway!
Don't look at me, Buckaroo Banzai.  I failed flight school.
What is this thing?  A fighter?
They will never surrender.  They will fight to the end.
These antidote filters the Professor's whipped up will let you to see them like I have since yesterday, as arachtoidal creatures. They won't be pretty, nothing personal, John Parker.  But just remember...if we fail tonight, there's no tomorrow.
And ask the American taxpayer to foot the bill?  No way.  Send 'em back to the Eighth Dimension as soon as we find the Overthruster.  It wasn't in Penny's purse...so if we have to run this joint upside down and inside out...
Just their side.  What're we gonna do with these people?  They're illegal aliens, the way I figure, been here forty years, you could throw the book at 'em...
Got a casualty list?
John Parker, tell them we're doing our best.  Stall.
They're armed for bear, Buckaroo.  Check out those radiation levels.
Don't shoot!
And they got Penny!  Look!
To get my guns.
Where're you goin'?
Stole his body?  When Doctor Lizardo's hair turned red and his mind snapped?  Of course!  What else?
...but he wasn't the real Doctor Lizardo...just this arachtoid creep that stole the good doc's body the year before in the Eighth Dimension when Prof. Hikita's lab exploded...
Orson Wells?  What about Doctor Lizardo?
...where there was some kinda giant crash landing, a huge explosion and they fooled Orson Welles into covering it up!  And then they founded Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems and hid there for...
What? How do you know that?
They're arachtoids, Buckaroo, from Planet 10!
Figures.  Anybody seen my scope?
And there's a two-hundred-dollar deductible we have to eat on that crack in her windshield.
Penny--?!  Are you all right?
I'm not worth it, Buckaroo! Forget me!
Sure.  I won't hold my breath.
Stay here, I'll be back.
That's just what you would say.  This is so unreal.  I'm dreaming...
It's too dangerous.
You've got your six guns strapped on.  You're ridding off on another adventure?  Oh, my God, it's all real...it really is real.  I should go with you.  Please...
Absolutely.
Believe in Penny Priddy?
Yeah...and maybe more important, if you believe in yourself.
What?  If we just believe in Buckaroo Banzai?
Please, Penny.  You just gotta trust me now.  Okay?  And don't panic. Because it's gonna be all right.
Go where?  Where're you going?
I gotta go.  We're on borrowed time.
I gotta be honest with myself and not repress these feelings-I've got mixed emotions-I don't know if I can handle this.  Oh, boy...
Never.
I wish he was.  He's real enough.
Hanoi Shan--?  The guy in your comic books.  Boss of the World Crime League?  Supreme Commander of the Legion of Death?  The Pivot of Mystery himself?  You're putting me on.  He's a cartoon character.
She was murdered by Hanoi Shan on our wedding night.
Yes, I do.  Gimme a chance.  I'm stronger than you think.
You don't wanna know.
How did she die?  I wanna know.
Where's my damn ammo?  Nothing is ever where it's supposed to be around here!
Looks like you're the one might go to pieces.
Don't go to pieces.  I haven't got time tonight.
Oh, my.
She was killed, Penny.
She must've been a bigger fool than me if she ran out on a guy like you...
I'll shoot yours off if I had a gun, you double-dealing Casanova!  I thought you liked me for myself.  But why should you, huh?  A jerk like me.
Open up or I'll shoot it off.
Any time.
You keep an eye on it.
Who does?  It's a crazy mixed-up world.  Just do the best you can with what you have...
What?  I don't understand you.  I don't understand anything anymore.
Adopted.  I should have know. Of course. If it was a snake, it'd bit me!
Somewhere.  See I was taken away by the Priddies when I was a baby.  I was adopted.
Another 'you'?
I don't know. I always felt like I did, like there was another me...
Did you have family there--? A sister?  In Cody?
Which?  The one in my throat.
Having a little trouble with that knot, aren't you?
No, I don't.
No.  Laramie.  Except I was born in Cody. How did you know that?  Oh, right, sure, I forgot: you know everything.
Wyoming? Not Cody, by any chance?
The Netherlands.  Whew, that's a long way from Wyoming.
I'd turn around, but I'm afraid you'd strangle me.
It's kinda hard this way.
She was the Queen of the Netherlands.
The girl I remind you of.
Who?
Was she pretty?
Pretty terrible shot.
You.  Like the papers all say.
Who were you really trying to kill last night?
Go away.  Let me rot?
I guess 'cause you remind me of someone I once knew, long ago before any of this craziness.
What're you doing here? Why're you looking at me like that?
Everybody okay up here?
Let me go, let me go, you creeps...
My name's, Penny!  But who cares?
This song's for Peggy.  And all you others out there a little down on your luck.
Do I look like that kinda girl?  I lost my room this morning.  I don't know where I'm gonna sleep tonight, but I keep going.  What the hell else can I do?  I've still got my figure, and like this bozo said, as long as there's a sidewalk, I'll always have a job.
He offered you money?
Did I say anything was wrong? I just sponged up a little too much Vat 69, okay? I'm down to my last nickel in this lousy town, I can't get my luggage outta hock 'cause I met this jerk who said he was a record producer when all he had was a record.  He offered to set me up for life, and like a fool, well, I...
Nobody's a nobody.  Why're you crying?  What's wrong?
My name is Penny. Penny Priddy.  There I've said it, but it won't mean anything to you.  I'm a nobody.
Did you say..."Peggy"?
Penny.  I'd rather not reveal my last name or my age.
Somebody get her a mike? Can we manage that?  And a spotlight.  What's your name?
This is so embarrassing...
Raise your hand...where?
You're quite serious about this, aren't you, Buckaroo.  We know each other pretty well, I think.
A thermonuclear holocaust, sir.  These creatures from Planet 10 are ready to exploit Soviet-American tensions and get us to blow each other off the face of the earth, sir, if necessary.
A what?
...hit Smolensk and precipitate a thermonuclear war, Mr. President.
You're gonna have to repeat that, I think, Buckaroo.
Not too terrific, sir.  I apologize for the interruption but something very unusual has reared its ugly head in outer space, and it looks like the Earth's caught in a crossfire.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger, Buckaroo.  What's it like out there in the real world?
Hello, Mr. President.  How's my favorite patient?  Any tenderness?
World Watch One.  Direct incoming transmission.
Damn John Whorfin--!
But John Whorfin said kill her.
You look!  It's not here!
John Whorfin will kill us!
Not here!  No Overthruster!
I have a radio fix...
Where was it, John O'Connor? How far back?
A black thermopod here?  On Earth?!  Why, John Gomez?  Why?
What? A black ship?  Where?  A black thermopod's been shot down ten miles back.
Should we be on Code Red?
Possible atmospheric condition, sir...solar.  It's unusual, but no cause for alarm.  Intelligence reports the Soviets are having the same problem.
Jammed--? By who? Whom by?
Still no confirmation either from SAC or Strategic Space Command.  They report all surveillance satellite communication jammed.
What's happening with my call to SAC?
No, sir.  I think the flint...
Buckaroo, come in...over.  How does this damn thing work?  Can anybody figure this lighter out?
Better than him.
Perfect Tommy's just threatened by smart women.  Can you play that thing?
What's his problem?
Course he's alive.  He's Buckaroo Banzai.
Where's Buckaroo?  Is he alive?
Government work.  Had my own think tank.  Got tired of thinking-wanted some action.  Seen plenty of it too.  So will you if you stick around.
What'd you do before?  Can I ask?
Nigh on ten years.  Been through a lotta scrapes together.
How long you been riding with Buckaroo, Reno?
Asshole probably got lost.
We're waiting for the Jet Car.  Billy's bringing it.
No!  Ditto the professor-
Any sign of Buckaroo?
Cause Buckaroo needs me here.
Why me?
Reno, how's about you take New Jersey's gear, mosey on over to the bus and introduce him to the rest of the hands.
Where do you hail from, Doc?
The name's Reno.  This here's Perfect Tommy.
Hey, so was Mr. Wizard.
You're thinking of Mr. Wizard.  This guy's an eccentric genius.
Doctor Lizardo. Wasn't he on TV once?
It's Peggy to these eyes.  Same nose, same hair.  Plus Buckaroo thinks so too or else he wouldn't be ready to go make a fool of himself, right?
Hell they don't. I met my first wife that way.
Pictures don't lie.
Doesn't look anything like her to me.
It's a spittin' image.
I didn't drop 'em.
Pick those up, Reno.
Why me?
Better see what's keepin' the boss, Reno.
She's just a damn road hugger, Allison.  Plus the man can drive.
Now twenty seconds downrange...Perfect Tommy, how on earth is Buckaroo able to keep that thing on the ground?
Bet I do.
Bet you say that to all the girls, Perfect Tommy.
That's why I wear a fifty dollar hat.  Was a two hundred dollar hat, I hadda kill you.
Flying to Cambodia.
Unscheduled surgery.  He'll be waltzing along momentarily.  What're you doing tonight?
Whadda you need Buckaroo for?
So where's Buckaroo?
I'll bet. Jesus  "The grand productive days." What a goddamn phony.
And my input was mostly... EDITORIAL, really, when he'd been drinking-
Hah!
Barton, honestly, only the last couple-
I want to know!
Barton!
I want to know how many of Bill's books you wrote!
Barton, I think we should concentrate on OUR little project-
What do you mean so to speak?! Audrey, how long have you been his... secretary?
Well, Bill was ALWAYS the author, so to speak-
Before Bill came to Hollywood.
Before what?
You wrote Bill's scripts!  Jesus Christ, you wrote his  what about before that?
Well, the basic ideas were frequently his-
You wrote his scripts for him?
Well... THIS.
Well, usually, they're... simply morality tales. There's a good wrestler, and a bad wrestler whom he confronts at the end. In between, the good wrestler has a love interest or a child he has to protect.  Bill would usually make the good wrestler a backwoods type, or a convict. And sometimes, instead of a waif, he'd have the wrestler protecting an idiot manchild.  The studio always hated that. Oh, some of the scripts were so... spirited!
What are they like? What are they about?
Yes, I'm afraid I have.
No, but the whole goddamn  Audrey? Have you ever had to read any of Bill's wrestling scenarios?
It's alright, Barton. You don't have to write actual scenes?
Well I have to come up with  an outline, I'd guess you call it. The story. The whole goddamn story. Soup to nuts. Three acts. The whole goddamn-
Oh, he's... he drifted off. He'll sleep for a while now. What is it you have to do, exactly?
Yes. Thank you. How's Bill?
Now that's all right, Barton. Everything'll be all right.
Audrey, thank you for coming. Thank you.  I'm sorry to be such a... such a... Thank you.
Hello, Barton.
If I can. He gets jealous; he-
If you could, I'd 
Barton. I'm sorry, it's Barton Fink.
...Who is this?
Audrey, listen, I need help. I know it's late and I shouldn't be calling you like this  believe me I wouldn't have if I could see any other alternative, but I  I'm sorry - listen, how are you  I'm sorry. You doing okay?
Hello.
Pick it up... Pick it up. Pick it-
What. What don't I understand?
Barton. Empathy requires... understanding.
Okay, but that doesn't excuse his 
He'll wander back when he's sober and apologize. He always does.
...Well that doesn't excuse his behavior.
Really?...
No, sometimes he just... well, he thinks about Estelle. His wife still lives in Fayettesville. She's... disturbed.
What?! He's a son of a bitch!
...Oh Barton, I feel so... sorry for him!
That son of a bitch... Don't get me wrong, he's a fine writer.
Let him go.
No, no 
...I know this must look... funny.
I see.
Barton. You see, Barton, I'm not just Bill's secretary  Bill and I are... I love. We-
Please, Barton.
Perhaps the three of us, Mr. Fink.
Perhaps you and I could get together at some point also. I'm sorry if that sounds abrupt. I just... I don't know anyone here in this town.
I'll tell Bill you dropped by. I'm sure he'll want to reschedule your appointment.
Yes I am. I'm working on a wres  please call me Barton.
I'll be fine... Are you a writer, Mr Fink?
How about you? Will you be alright?
I am sorry, it's so embarassing.
He will be... When he can't write, he drinks.
Is, uh... Is he okay?
Hesh up! Be still now! DROWN 'EM! DROWN 'EM! DROWN 
I'll try to slip out. If he quiets down, passes out... I'm afraid he thinks  well, he said you were a buffoon, Barton. He becomes irrational
Who is that?! Gaddamn voices come into the house... sons of bitches...
All right Barton, I'll see if I can slip away-
Drown all those rascals...
Barton, I'm afraid it's not a good time-
Stop it, Bill!
Am I? Maybe to a schoolboy's eye. People who know about the human heart, though, mebbe they'd say, Bill over here, he gives his honey love, and she pays him back with pity  the basest coin there is.
Not anything, Bill. Don't test me.
M'honey pretends to be impatient with me, Barton, but she'll put up with anything.
Bill 
So now I'm s'posed to roll over like an ol' bitch dog gettin' ger belly scratched.
That doesn't help anything, Bill.
...This'll sometimes help.
Well, m'olfactory's turnin' womanish on me  lyin' and deceitful...
That's hamburger grease, Bill.
If I close m'eyes I can almost smell the live oak.
Garland, it's me.
...Hello.
Chet! From downstairs!
...Who?
Chet!
...Who is this?
How d'ya like your room!
All right, forget the heads. Where's Mundt, Fink?
Could you come back later?  It's just...  too hot... My head is killing me.
He... I'm trying to think... Nothing, really... He... He said he liked Jack Oakie pictures.
What else?
Well that's what he said.
Nothing, really. Said he was in the insurance business.
So. You talked to Mundt, what about?
...No. I never saw him with anyone else.
I...
Yeah, he's funny that way.
...Once or twice. His name is Charlie Meadows.
Ever talk to him?
A week, eight, nine days 
How long you been up there, Fink?
I  I've got respect for  for working guys, like you 
What DID you mean?
No, I  I didn't mean to sound 
Well as a matter of fact, I write for the pictures.
Oh yeah? What kind of write?
I write.
I need help, Audrey.
Goddamn voices... DROWN 'EM!
I said drown 'em all! Who is that?
I'm sorry, I just feel like I know I shouldn't ask, I just need some kind of help, I just, I have a deadline tomorrow-
Are you all right?
I'll jus' walk on down to the Pacific, and from there I'll... improvise.
I'm buildin' a levee. Gulp by gulp, brick by brick. Raisin' up a levee to keep that ragin' river of manure from lappin' at m'door.
What's that?
No son, thisahere moonshine's got nothin' to do with shuttin' folks out. No, I'm usin' it to build somethin'.
I don't know exactly. But I do know what you're doing with that drink. You're cutting yourself off from your gift, and from me and Audrey, and from your fellow man, and from everything your art is about.
And what would that be, son?
Look, maybe it's none of my business, but a man with your talent  don't you think your first obligation would be to your gift? Shouldn't you be doing whatever you have to do to work again?
Mmm. Wal, me, I just enjoy maikn' things up. Yessir. Escape... It's when I can't write, can't escape m'self, that I want to tear m'head off and run screamin' down the street with m'balls in a fruitpickers pail. Mm...
...No, I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain. Maybe it's a pain that comes from a realization that one must do something for one's fellow man  to help somehow to ease his suffering.  Maybe it's a personal pain. At any rate, I don't believe good work is possible without it.
Well... actually, no Bill...
...Still, I must say. I haven't felt peace like this since the grand productive days. Don't you find it so, Barton? Ain't writin' peace?
So be it.
It's still a little early for me.
...A little social lubricant, Mistuh Fink?
All of us undomesticated writers eventually make their way out here to the Great Salt Lick. Mebbe that's why I allus have such a powerful thrust.
Sir, I'm flattered that you even recognize my name. My God, I had no idea you were in Hollywood.
Just Bill, please.
W.P. Mayhew? The writer?
I beg your pardon?
Well what do I tell him?
Who said write? Jesus, Jack can't read.  You gotta TELL it to him-tell him SOMEthing for Chrissake.
I can't write anything by tomorrow.
Well he's taken an interest!  That means he'll make your life hell, which I could care less about, but since I drew the short straw to supervise this turkey, he's gonna be all over me too! Fat-assed sonofabitch called me yesterday to ask how it's going  don't worry, I covered for you. Told him you were making progress and we were all very excited. I told him it was great, so now MY ass is on the line.  He wants you to tell him all about it tomorrow.
I didn't say anything-
Are you deaf, he LIKES you! He's taken an interest! What the hell did you say to him?
I don't understand-
You thought! Where'd you get THAT from?  You thought! I don't know what the hell you said to Lipnik, but the sonofabitch LIKES you! You understand that, Fink? He LIKES you! He's taken an interest. NEVER make Lipnik like you. NEVER!
But... I thought no one cared about this picture.
Souse! Souse! He manages to write his name on the back of his paycheck every week!
You don't understand. He's in pain, because he can't write-
A souse!
He's a great writer 
Bill Mayhew! Some help! The guy's a souse!
Well, I've talked to Bill Mayhew-
Understand shit! I though you were gonna consult another writer on this!
I'm afraid I don't really understand that genre. maybe that's the prob-
What do you think this is? HAMLET? GONE WITH THE WIND? RUGGLES OF RED GAP? It's a goddamn B picture! Big men in tights! You know the drill!
Well not much.
Getting STARTED! Christ Jesus! Started?!  You mean you don't have ANYthing?!
Well, to tell you the truth, I'm having some trouble getting started
On the Beery picture! Where are we? Wuddya got?
Well I...
Like hell it is; there are no mosquitos in Los Angeles. Mosquitos breed in swamps  this is a desert town. Wuddya got for me?
Nothing. It's just a mosquito bite.
Wuddya got for me  what the hell happened to your face?
Who?
...Look, you're confused? You need guidance? Talk to another writer.
Wallace Beery. Wrestling picture. What do you need, a road map?
Okay. I'm just having trouble getting started. It's funny, I'm blocked up. I feel like I need some kind of indication of... what's expected 
Sure he did. And he forgot about it before your ass left his sofa.
But Lipnik said he wanted to look at the script, see something by the end of the week.
Don't worry about it. It's just a B picture. I bring it in on budget, they'll book it without even screening it. Life is too short.
Then who should I talk to?
What!?  Ted Okum doesn't know shit. They've assigned me enough pictures for a goddamn year. What Ted Okum doesn't know you could almost squeeze into the Hollywood Bowl.
I'm a writer. Ted Okum said you're producing this Wallace Beery picture I'm working on.
Think about it, Fink. Writers come and go; we always need Indians.
I'm a writer. Ted O 
We need Indians for a Norman Steele western.
...Huh? No, I'm 
Ever act?
I'm a writer, Mr. Geisler. Ted Okum said I should drop by morning to see you about the 
Well, you just... sound a little
Sound a little what?
Well, I'm just asking. You sound a little 
Yes... Isn't it?
...Barton, is everything okay?
Have you read the Bible, Garland?
...That's fine.
Very important, Garland. I just thought you should know that. Whatever happens.
Well, I'm... glad to hear that 
Not big in the sense of large  although it's that too. I mean important. This may be the most IMPORTANT work I've done.
What do you mean, Barton?
It's about what I'm writing, Garland. It's really... I think it's really big.
Go ahead, son.
I'm fine, garland, but I have to talk with you.
...What is it Barton? Are you okay?
Okay.
Yeah, I'm fine, Garland  I have to talk to you. I'm calling long distance.
Barton? What time is it? Are you all right?
Take my copy. You're the toast of Broadway and you have the opportunity to redeem that for a little cash  strike that, a lot of cash.
No, what did it say?
...Look, they love you, kid  everybody does. You see Caven's review in the Herald?
Okay Barton, you're the artist, I'm just the ten percenter. You decide what you want and I'll make it happen. I'm only asking that your decision be informed by a little realism  if I can use that word and Hollywood in the same breath.
...I guess I'm sprouting off again. But I am certain of this, Garland: I'm capable of more good work. Maybe better work than I did in Choirs. It just doesn't seem to me that Los Angeles is the place to lead the life of mind.
I'd say you're already enjoying some.
I don't know, Garland; my place is here right now. I feel I'm on the brink of success-
Yes, generally, to see pap. However, point number two: A brief tenure in Hollywood could support you through the writing of any number of plays.
To see pap.
Fair enough. No pressure here, Barton, because I respect you, but let me point out a couple of things. One, here you make a difference to five hundred fifty people a night  if the show sells out.  Eighty five million people go to the pictures every week.
I'm not sure anymore. I guess I try to make a difference.
What do you do far a living?
To do what?
We have to talk a little business. I've just been on the phone to Los Angeles.  Barton, Capitol Pictures wants to put you under contract. They've offered you a thousand dollars a week. I think I can get them to go as high as two.
Don't panic, I'll join you in a minute.  What's you think of Richard and Poppy?
I thought you were going to join us. Jesus, Garland, you left me alone with those people.
Because you DON'T LISTEN!
But Charlie  why me? Why 
I hear it's Mundt. Madman Mundt.
...Don't look at me like that, neighbor.  It's just me  Charlie.
Don't worry about that, compadre. I'll be back.
You'll be back?
Well, keep it for me. Maybe it'll bring you good luck. Yeah, it'll help you finish your script. You'll think about me...
It's more than I've got.
Funny, huh, when everything that's important to a guy, everything he wants to keep from a lifetime  when he can fit it into a little box like that. I guess... I guess it's kind of pathetic.
Sure, Charlie.
Dammit, don't argue with me. You asked me to believe you  well I do. Now don't argue with me.
Yeah, but Charlie 
You gotta get a grip on, brother. You gotta just carry on  just for a few days, till I get back. Try and stay here, keep your door locked. Don't talk to anyone. We just gotta keep our heads and we'll figure it out.
...I just don't know what... to do
Charlie, I feel like I'm going crazy  like I'm losing my mind. I don't know what to do... I didn't do it, believe me. I'm sure of that, Charlie. I just...
It's okay... It's okay...
Charlie! I've got no one else here! You're the only person I know in Los Angeles...
Everything's okay, believe me. I know it's rough mentally, but everything's taken care of.
Jesus, Charlie, I...
Have to, old timer. Just for a while.
Jesus... You're leaving.
She's dead, Barton! If that was her name.
...Uh-huh... Where's Audrey?
You're in pictures, Barton. Even if you got cleared eventually, this would ruin you.
They GOTTA believe me, Charlie! They gotta have mercy!
Jesus... They can tell that...
I believe you  I KNOW you. But why should the police?
But I didn't do it  don't you believe me?
Stop with the police! Wake up, friend! This does not look good! They hang people for this!
I don't know!  Maybe it was her... boyfriend. I passed out. I don't know.  Won't the police be able to 
What do you think happened?
Yeah.
Hold on. I said hold on, so hold on.
We gotta call the police 
I believe you, brother, but this don't look good.
I don't know! I woke up, she was... God, you gotta believe me!
Hold on. Stop. Take a deep breath. Tell me what happened.
I didn't do this, I did NOT do this
Hold on 
You gotta believe me 
Hold on 
I've gotta call the police  or you could call for me 
...Jesus, Barton, what the hell is this?  What're we gonna do?
Don't worry about it, Barton. We can sort it-
...Will you stay with me till they get here?
Charlie, I'm in trouble  something horrible's happened  I've gotta call the police...
Get a grip on yourself, brother. Whatever the problem is, we'll sort it out.
Charlie, I'm in trouble. You've gotta help me.
Why don't we go to your room-
No... Can I come in?
Barton. Are you all right?
No... no...
Are you sure 
No!... I'm fine. Thank you.
...Can I come in?
Course not, compadre. You'll see me again.
Don't pick up and leave without saying goodbye.
So they say.
Well, I guess you pick your poison.
This kind of heat. It's pathetic.
What do you mean?
Well it's pathetic, isn't it? I mean to a guy from New York.
Well...
...I guess it seems pathetic to a guy like you.
What a dump...
I guess the heat's sweating off the wallpaper.
...Your room does that too?
Well hell, buddy, don't pull a long face!  This is still home for me  I keep my room, and I'll be back sooner or later...
I'm truly sorry to hear that, Charlie. I'll miss you.
In a few days. Out to your stompin' grounds as a matter of fact  New York City. Things have gotten all balled up at the Head Office.
You're leaving?
Thanks, brother. But the fact is, I gotta pull up stakes temporarily.
And there's hope for you too, Charlie. Tomorrow I bet you sell a half-dozen policies.
Where there's life there's hope.
...Ah, you'll lick this picture business, believe me. You've got a head on your shoulders. What is it they say? Where there's a head, there's a hope?
Seems like I hear everything that goes on in this dump. Pipes or somethin'. I'm just glad I don't have to ply MY trade in the wee-wee hours.
Yeah, but 
Know about it? I can practically see how they're doin' it. Brother, I wish I had a piece of that.
How did you know about that?
Those two love-birds next door drivin' you nuts?
Well, it's been better. I can't seem to get going on this thing. That one idea, the one that lets you get started  I still haven't gotten it. Maybe I only had one idea in me  my play. Maybe once that was done, I was done being a writer.  Christ, I feel like a fraud, sitting here staring at this paper.
...Listen to me belly-achin'. As if my problems amounted to a hill of beans. How goes the life of the mind?
Defense against what? Insurance? Something they need? Something they should be thanking me for offering? A little peace of mind?...
Well it's... it's a defense mechanism.
...Did I say rude? People can be goddamn cruel. Especially some of their housewives. Okay, so I've got a weight problem. That's my cross to bear. I dunno...
A little lift, yeah...
Well, my pleasure. I could use a little lift myself.
Jesus, what a day. Felt like I couldn't've sold ice water in the Sahara. Jesus. Okay, so you don't want insurance, so okay, that's your loss. But God, people can be rude. Feel like I have to talk to a normal person like just to restore a little of my...
Seems like nothing but, lately.
Jesus, what a day I've had. Ever had one of those days?
Yeah, as a matter of fact they did. Come on in.
Because that would mean they gave you mine.
Hi, Charlie.
I hope these are your shoes.
Well, that's all that wrestling is. Except usually there's more grunting and squirming before the pin. Well, it's your first time. And you're out of your weight class.
It's okay, it's okay.
Ready... wrestle!
...Yeah, okay.
...All right now, when I say "Ready... wrestle!"  you try and pin me, and I try and pin you. That's the whole game. Got it?
Not a bit of it, compadre! Easiest thing in the world! You just get down on your knees to my left, slap your right hand here...
That's all right, really 
...You're a little out of your weight class, but just for purposes of demonstration 
Okay, but hell, you should know what it is. I can show you in about thirty seconds.
Nope, never watched any. I'm not that interested in the act itself 
Beery! You got no beef there! He's good.  Hell of an actor  though, for my money, you can't beat Jack Oakie. A stitch, Oakie. Funny stuff, funny stuff. But don't get me wrong  Beery, a wrestling picture, that could be a pip. Wrestled some myself back in school. I guess you know the basic moves.
...Probably sounds a little grand coming from someone who's writing a wrestling picture for Wallace Beery.
Yeah...
Not at all. It's damned interesting.
...This must be boring you.
You know, in a way, I envy you Charlie.  Your daily routine  you know what's expected. You know the drill. My job is to plumb the depths, so to speak, dredge something up from inside, something honest. There's no road map for that territory...
...It was taken by one of my policy holders. They're more than just customers to me, Barton.  They really appreciate what I have to offer them. Ya see, her hubby was out of town at the time 
Sure, that's tough, but in a sense, we're all alone in this world aren't we Charlie?  I'm often surrounded by family and friends, but...
...What's the expression  me myself and I.
Mine have passed on. It's just the three of us now...
My folks live in Brooklyn, with my uncle.
Yeah, the ladies do ask for attention. In my experience, they pretend to give it, but it's generally a smoke- screen for demanding it back  with interest. How about family, Bart? How're you fixed in that department?
No... I guess it's something about my work. I get so worked up over it, I don't know; I don't really have a lot of attention left over, so it would be a little unfair...
...Got a sweetheart?
I myself have yet to be lassoed.
Nope.
Thanks, I'd invite you over to my place, but it's a goddamn mess. You married, Bart?
No, I guess you're stuck with the one you've got. Have a seat.
Ah, doctors. What's he gonna tell me?  Can't trade my head in for a new one.
Seen a doctor?
Oh, yeah. An ear infection, chronic thing.  Goes away for a while, but it always comes back. Gotta put cotton in it to staunch the flow of pus. Don't worry, it's not contagious.
Yeah, come in Charlie. Hadn't really gotten started yet  what happened to your ear?
Jesus, I hope I'm not interrupting you again. I heard you walking around in here.  Figured I'd drop by.
Charlie. How are you.
Howdy, neighbor.
See you, Charlie.
...And look, I'm sorry as hell about the interruption. Too much revelry late at night, you forget there are other people in the world.
Well, I can tell you some stories 
Sure, sure Charlie, you can help by just being yourself.
Well, we've got something in common then.
Hell no! Jesus, I'm the kind of guy, I'll let you know if I'm bored. I find it all pretty damned interesting. I'm the kind schmoe who's generally interested in the other guy's point of view.
You're all right, Charlie. I'm glad you stopped by. I'm sorry if  well I know I sometimes run on.
Frequently played, seldom remarked.
Yeah, I guess that's tragedy right there.
Sure you could!  And yet many writers do everything in their power to insulate themselves from the common man  from where they live, from where they trade, from where they fight and love and converse and  and  and... so naturally their work suffers, and regresses into empty formalism and  well, I'm spouting off again, but to put it in your language, the theater becomes as phony as a three dollar bill.
And I could tell you some stories 
Exactly, Charlie! You understand what I'm saying  a lot more than some of these literary types. Because you're a real man!
I can feel my butt getting sore already.
Well, I don't mean to get up on my high horse, but why shouldn't we look at ourselves up there?  Who cares about the Fifth Earl of Bastrop and Lady Higginbottom and  and  and who killed Nigel Grinch-Gibbons?
I can see you feel pretty strongly about it.
And that's the point, that we all have stories. The hopes and dreams of the common man are as noble as those of any king. It's the stuff of life  why shouldn't it be the stuff of theater?  Goddamnit, why should that be a hard pill to swallow? Don't call it new theater, Charlie; call it real theater. Call it our theater.
Hell, I could tell you some stories
...I don't guess this means much to you.
Yeah, I guess it is. But in a way, that's exactly the point. There's a few people in New York  hopefully our numbers are growing  who feel we have an opportunity now to forge something real out of everyday experience, create a theater for the masses that's based on a few simple truths  not on some shopworn abstractions about drama that doesn't hold true today, if they ever did...
Well ain't that a kick in the head!
Well, that's a good question. Strange as it may seem, Charlie, I guess I write about people like you. The average working stiff. The common man.
Caught me trying to be fancy! Yeah, that's it, Bart.
What do I write about?
Hell, why not? Everyone wants quality. What kind of venue, that is to say, thematically, uh...
That's okay, Charlie. I'm a playwright. My shows've only played New York. Last one got a hell of a write-up in the Herald. I guess that's why they wanted me here.
Oh, it's an exciting time then. I'm not the best-read mug on the planet, so I guess it's no surprise I didn't recognize your name. Jesus, I feel like a heel.
That's okay; actually I am just starting out in the movies  though I was pretty well established in New York, some renown there,
...Is the egg showing or what?!
Pictures! Jesus!
No, I'm actually writing for the pictures now 
What kind of scribbler are you  newspaperman did you say?
Thanks, I'll keep it in mind.
Hell yes. Because I believe in it. Fire, theft, and casualty are not things that only happen to other people  that's what I tell 'em. Writing doesn't work out, you might want to look into it. Providing for basic human need  a fella could do worse.
Doesn't surprise me at all.
...In spite of what you might think from tonight, I'm pretty good at it.
Hell no! Call me Charlie. Well Barton, you might say I sell peace of mind. Insurance is my game  door-to-door, human contact, still the only way to move merchandise.
And what's your line, Mr. Meadows?
Damned difficult, I'd imagine.
Can be. Not easy, but 
You don't say. That's a tough racket. My hat's off to anyone who can make a go of it. Damned interesting work, I'd imagine.
Well, I'm a writer, actually.
What kind of work do you do, Barton, if you don't mind my asking?
That's okay, I assure you. It's just that I was trying to work 
Yeah, just a nip. I feel like hell, all the carryings-on next door.
Okay... a quick one, sure...
... You got a glass? It's the least I can do.
All right, hell, you trying to work and me carrying on in there. Look, the liquor's good, wuddya say?
That's all right, really, thank you.
Neighbor, I'd feel better about the damned inconvenience if you'd let me buy you a drink.
I tried to show you something beautiful.  Something about all of US 
You didn't let ME down. Or even Lou. We don't live or die by what you scribble, Fink. You let Ben Geisler down. He liked you. Trusted you. And that's why he's gone. Fired.  That guy had a heart as big as the outdoors, and you fucked him. He tried to convince me to fire you too, but that would be too easy. No, you're under contract and you're gonna stay that way.  Anything you write will be the property of Capitol Pictures. And Capitol Pictures will not produce anything you write. Not until you grow up a little. You ain't no writer, Fink  you're a goddamn write-off.
I'm sorry if I let you down.
I had to call Beery this morning, let him know we were pushing the picture back.  After all I'd told him about quality, about that Barton Fink feeling. How disappointed we were. Wally was heartbroken. The man was devastated. He was  well, I didn't actually call him, Lou did. But that's a fair description, isn't it Lou?
Yes sir.
Don't gas me, Fink. If you're opinion mattered, then I guess I'd resign and let YOU run the the studio. It doesn't and you won't, and the lunatics are not going to run THIS particular asylum. So let's put a stop to THAT rumor right now.
With all due respect, sir, I think it's the best work I've done.
...I gotta tell you, Fink. It won't wash.
Anyway, I had Lou read your script for me.
Yes sir, they 
Actually it hasn't officially gone through yet. Had wardrobe whip this up. You gotta pull teeth to get anything done in this town. I can understand a little red tape in peacetime, but now it's all-out warfare against the Japs. Little yellow bastards.  They'd love to see me sit this one out.
Congratulations.
...I was commissioned yesterday in the Army Reserve. Henry Morgenthau arranged it. He's a dear friend.
Colonel Lipnik, if you don't mind.
Mr. Lipnik.
Fink.
Ah, forget it, kid. I want you to pull this out of your head. If that sonofabitch wouldn't apologize to you, goddammit, I will. I respect your artistry and your methods, and if you can't fill us in yet, well hell, we should be kissing your feet for your fine efforts.
Mr. Lipnik, I really would feel much better if you could reconsider 
You don't have to cover for him. It's noble of you, but these things happen in business.
No no, Mr. Breeze has actually been a great help 
I apologize, Barton.
Mr. Lipnik, I 
KISS THIS MAN'S FEET!!
I  Mr. Lipnik 
CAN you?  You damn well better be. Jesus, if I hadn't been honest in my business dealings  well, of course, you can't always be honest, not with the sharks swimming around this town  but if you're a writer, you don't think about those things  if I'd been totally honest, I wouldn't be within a mile of this pool  unless I was cleaning it. But that's no reason for you not to be. Honest, I mean.  Not cleaning the pool.
...Can I be honest, Mr. Lipnik?
And then... well...
Great! He's poor, this wrestler! He's had to struggle!
...It's a tenement building. On the Lower East Side...
Boy! You writers! Work hard, play hard!  That's what I hear, anyway...
Yeah... rye whiskey?
...Both maybe?
...Well Bart, which is it? Orphan? Dame?
Lou.
...Yes, thank you.
That's okay, that's okay, that's okay  that's just fine. You probably just walked in here thinking that was going to be a handicap, thinking we wanted people who knew something about the medium, maybe even thinking there was all kind of technical mumbo- jumbo to learn. You were dead wrong. We're only interested in one thing: Can you tell a story, Bart?  Can you make us laugh, can you make us cry, can you make us wanna break out in joyous song? Is that more than one thing? Okay.  The point is, I run this dump and I don't know the technical mumbo-jumbo. Why do I run it? I've got horse-sense, goddamnit. Showmanship. And also, and I hope Lou told you this, I bigger and meaner than any other kike in this town. Did you tell him that, Lou? And I don't mean my dick's bigger than yours, it's not a sexual thing  although, you're the writer, you would know more about that. Coffee?
To be honest, I don't go to the pictures much, Mr. Lipnik 
Less Hollywood?  Sure, say it, it's not a dirty word. Sat whatever the hell you want. The writer is king here at Capitol Pictures. You don't believe me, take a look at your paycheck at the end of every week  that's what we think of the writer.  ...so what kind of pictures does he like?
Thanks, but I wanted a place that was less...
Never heard of it. Let's move him to the Grand, or the Wilshire, or hell, he can stay at my place.
I'm at the Earle.
...Where did we put him?
The others are being sent.
...Those your only bags?
Don't you wanna go to your room?!
What 
Okey-dokey, go ahead.
Huh?
...Okay
Kitchen closes at eight but I'm the night clerk. I can always ring out for sandwiches.
Well, I'm going to be working here, mostly at night; I'm a writer. Do you have room service?
Rez. That'll be twenty-five fifty a week payable in advance. Checkout time is twelve sharp, only you can forget that on account you're a rez. If you need anything, anything at all, you dial zero on your personal in-room telephone and talk to me. My name is Chet.
I don't know... I mean, I'll be here, uh, indefinitely.
Transient or resident?
Excuse me?
...Are you a tranz or a rez?
Okay then, everything seems to be in order. Everything seems to be in order.
Must be.
F-I-N-K. Fink, Barton. That must be you, huh?
I'm checking in. Barton Fink.
Welcome to the Hotel Earle. May I help you, sir?
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
Sex?! He's a MAN! We WRESTLED!
No kidding, bright boy  we smelt Mundt all over this. Was he the idea man?
Charlie... Charlie's back...
Funny. As in, he likes to ventilate people with a shotgun and then cut their heads off.
What did... What did he 
That's right, Fink, he lives next door to you.
...Yeah, he... he lives next door to me.
Nine days  Tuesday 
Is this multiple choice?
Yeah.
Jesus! Ain't that a load off! You live in 605?
Uh-huh.
L.A.P.D.
...Fred...
Why's it so goddamn hot out here?
You two have some sick sex thing?
He teach you to do it?
Only fry you once.
Tell us where the heads are, maybe they'll go easy on you.
Give you nose bleeds?
Sixth floor too high for you, Fink?
You didn't tell us you knew the dame.
Second one of your friends to end up dead.
I dunno, Duke. I kinda liked it.
...I thought you said you were a writer.
Fink. That's a Jewish name, isn't it?
Ya see how he's not writing it down?
Ya know, Fink, ordinarily we say anything you might remember could be helpful. But I'll be frank with you: That is not helpful.
No reputable company would hire a guy like that.
Yeah, and he's Buck Rogers.
But, you know, with the head still on.
Female caucasian, thirty years old. Nice tits. No head. You ever see Mundt with anyone meets that description?
Hollywood precinct finds another stiff yesterday. Not too far from here. This one's better looking than the doc.
Anyway.
Good luck with no fuckin' head.
Physician, heal thyself.
Well, some of his throat was there.
All of which he's now missin'.
Doctor. Ear, nose and throat man,.
Couple of days ago we see the same M.O. out in Los Feliz.
Started in Kansas City. Couple of housewives.
He's a little funny in the head.
Also known as Madman Mundt.
His name is Mundt. Karl Mundt.
Yeah, and I'm Buck Rogers.
Would that be good enough for ya?
You want my partner to kiss your ass?
Big fuckin' deal.
What do you do, Fink?
Got a couple questions to ask ya.
Look at "Blood, Sweat, and Canvas". These are big movies, Fink. About big men, in tights  both physically and mentally. But especially physically. We don't put Wallace Beery in some fruity movie about suffering  I thought we were together on that.
"Blood, Sweat, and Canvas".
Hell, I could take you through it step by step, explain why your story stinks, but I won't insult your intelligence. Well all right, first of all: This is a wrestling picture; the audience wants to see action, drama, wrestling, and plenty of it. They don't wanna see a guy wrestling with his soul  well, all right, a little bit, for the critics  but you make it the carrot that wags the dog. Too much of it and they head for exits and I don't blame 'em. There's plenty of poetry right inside that ring, Fink. Look at "Hell Ten Feet Square".
Yes, Colonel.
Mr. Lipnik, please 
Get down on your knees, you sonofabitch!  Get down on your knees and kiss this man's feet!
This man creates for a living! He puts food on your table and on mine! THANK him for it!  Thank him, you ungrateful sonofabitch! Thank him or YOU'RE fired!
Mr. Lipnik, I 
Ah, hell, let Bart take a crack at it.  He'll get into the swing of things or I don't know writers. Let's make it a dame, Bart, keep it simple. We don't gotta tackle the world our first time out. The important thing is we all have that Barton Fink feeling, but since you're Barton Fink I'm assuming you have it in spades.  Seriously Bart, I like you. We're off to a good start. Dammit, if all our writers were like you I wouldn't have to get so goddamn involved. I'd like to see something by the end of the week.
...Maybe we should do a treatment.
Okay, the hell with the story. Wallace Beery is a wrestler. I wanna know his hopes, his dreams. Naturally, he'll have to get mixed up with a bad element. And a romantic interest. You know the drill.  Romantic interest, or else a young kid. An orphan. What do you think, Lou? Wally a little too old for a romantic interest?  Look at me, a writer in the room and I'm askin' Lou what the goddamn story should be!
No, not yet Jack. We just bought the story. Saturday Evening Post.
We got a treatment on it yet?
Excellent picture.
...Thanks Lou. Join us. Join us. Talking about the Wallace Beery picture.
How's about it, Bart?
Mr. Fink hasn't given a preference, Mr.  Lipnik.
Who are you guys gonna sell my file to this time?
I want you in Dr. Gardner's office at nine o'clock.  You're out of control, Curran.
Going after him before gets you off the hook for killing him that's your alibi.
Come on -- I'm going to storm into his office in front of everybody in the afternoon and then that night I'm going to kill him?  I'd have to be really dumb to do that.
What are you gonna do -- charge me with smoking?
There's no smoking in this building.
A couple days ago.
When did you start drinking again?
Yeah, I was drinking.
Were you drinking?
Yeah.
All night?
Home. Watching TV.
Where were you tonight?
No.
Do you have any evidence that he showed your psychiatric file to anyone?
Okay.  I went after him.  I lost my temper.
Bring 1976 up.
Hey, that's Dr. Gardner, isn't it?
It's not gonna take long, Sam.
I can get my butt kicked for this. You're not supposed to be in here.
Thanks.
The boat blew.  There was a leak in the gas line.  There were two previous repairs.  There was a five-mil policy on both of 'em.  A real heavy investigation.  Zilch. Goose-egg.  It was an accident.
You know I'm whacko, Sam, what'd you find?
You're on leave, man.  You're on psycho leave.  I'm talking to a possible whacko here.
Did you find out about her parents?
Take care, you hear?
She was there, wasn't she?
We got a call from Berkeley P.D. There was a killing.  A professor. Icepick.  In his bed.  Multiple stab wounds.  1977.
What?
Don't!  I know about your husband.  You still like girls, Beth?
I got a message on my machine to meet Gus here.  Where is he?
Put your fucking hands up!  Don't move.
Put your hands up!
What are you doing here?
She's evil.  She's brilliant.  Be careful, Nick.
You should do something about this lock.
I got married.  He was on staff at the clinic.  I was down in Salinas.  It didn't... last long.
Why did you change your name?
She knew you'd find out who Lisa Henderson is.  You're a good cop -- what did she do?  Tell you casually and make it seem irrelevant?  Did she tell you in bed, Nick? That's how I'd do it.
She didn't hand you to me.  She doesn't even know who you are. She told me about Lisa Henderson.
She's really sick you know.  Don't you know what she's doing?  She knows I went to Berkeley.  She knows I knew Noah.  She makes up that story about me.  She's handing you somebody who's obsessed with he her.
You saw all the reports, Beth!
I had him in two classes.
Did you know Noah Goldstein?
I did dye my hair.  It didn't have anything to do with her.  I was a redhead for a while, too.
I slept with her once in school.  I was just a kid.  I was experimenting.  It was just that one time.  She developed a... fixation... on me.  She styled her hair like mine. She wore the same kind of clothes I did.  It scared me.
What did she tell me, Beth?
She told you, didn't she?
Tell me about Catherine.
What do you want, Nick?
I know the type.  I'm a psychologist.
I thought you hardly know her.
My interest is in you, not in her. She seduces people, she manipulates --
What is this interest you've got in her?
Yes you do.  Something's on with you.  You're sleeping with her, aren't you?
I don't need any help.
What is your problem?  I'm trying to help you.  Why won't you let me help you?
Yes you did.  I'm a big girl.  I can handle it.
Beth.  I didn't mean what I said. About --
I hardly knew her.  She gave me the creeps, though.  I don't know why.
What was she like in school?
She must really be something.  From a clinical point of view.
She knows stuff about me that only you know.
How do you know Catherine Tramell saw my reports?
No.  I mean it, thank you.
It's the least I could do... considering I got you into this mess with those reports.
Yes.  I care about you.  I did it for you.
You did it for me.
Yeah?  Well why don't you find some friendly therapist and work some of that hostility out.  But take my advice.  Put a little more life into it than you usually do.
Sometimes I really hate you.
I don't owe you anything; you don't owe me anything.  We went to bed -- what was it? -- ten or fifteen times?  It wasn't memorable enough to carry any obligations.
Nilsen.
Who?
No, Nick, please --
It's Internal Affairs, isn't it?
Don't, Beth.  Don't lie to me.
It's a confidential psychiatric record, it'd be illegal --She backs into a wall.  She looks very scared. He comes very close to her -- puts an arm behind her to the wall.
Who's got access to my goddamn file?
What are you talking about, Nick -- what's wrong with you?
I thought you quit.
I need a cigarette.
Why didn't you tell me?
We were in some of the same classes.
She said what you said she'd say.
Catherine Tramell.
Who?
What was she like?
What else is new?
Baby-sitting.  Rookie cop.
What are you doing here?
You don't look so okay.
Yeah.
You okay?
Thank you.
Yes.
It's fucked -- now will you please tell I.A. that I'm just you average healthy totally fucked-up cop and let me get out of here?
How's not smoking?
No!  I'm working my tail off.  I'm off the sauce, I'm not even smoking anymore.
No?
No.
How about the coke?
It's been three months.
How about the booze?
My sex life is fine.  My sex life is pretty shitty actually since I stopped seeing you -- maybe I should think about my Electrolux again.
How is your -- personal life?
Things are fine.  I told you. They're fine.
So -- how are things?
I know it is -- but sit down anyway so we can get it over with, okay?
It's bullshit.  You know it is.
As long as Internal Affairs wants you to, I suppose.  Sit down, Nick.
I'm fine.  Come on, Beth!  You know I'm fine!  How the hell long do I have to keep doing this?
How are you, Nick?
We fuck like minks.  We forget the rugrats.  We live happily ever after.
I hate rugrats.
We fuck like minks.  We raise rugrats.  We live happily ever after.
What do we do now, Nick?
The games are over.  You were right. It was the fuck of the century, Shooter.
What is this -- some kind of... Joke?  Are we playing games again?
What do you want, Nick?  Flowers? I'll send you some flowers.
I told you.  She kills him.
How did it end?
I finished my book.
Somebody always does.
Why?
Somebody has to die.
Why not?
It won't sell.
They fuck like minks, raise rugrats, and live happily ever after.
What happens to them?
A detective.  He falls for the wrong girl.
Really.  What are you writing about.
I'm writing a book.
What are you researching?
No thanks.
I'm very good at research.  I'll help you.
I have to do some research tomorrow.
Come over here and tell me no.
No.
Did you miss me?
You didn't not see me long enough to miss me.
I decided to give you one more chance.  I missed you.
How'd you get in here?
Liar.
No.
You still think I kill people, don't you?
I did, too.  She told me it was backwards -- she said you even styled your hair the way she did.
You're not going to tell me what she's doing.  I thought we weren't playing games anymore.
Did you?  What's she doing?
I found Lisa Henderson.
I just thought I'd surprise you.  What's the matter?
Of course I knew.
You like to hang out with murderers or what?  Did you know Roxy --
Honey, why don't you go in the car?  I'll be right there.
Can I talk to you a minute?
Funny.
He asked if I had an icepick in me yet.
What did he say?
I'll convince you.
I don't know.
Do you believe me?
Maybe I'm losing interest in my book.
What about the other night. What about last night?  Was that to get to know your character?
I would've paid more.  I wanted to know everything about you.  Then you came down here after Johnny got killed... it gave me a chance to get to know my character better.
You paid $50,000 for your character?
I'd read about your shootings in the papers.  I decided to write a book about a detective.  I wanted to know my character.
Why?
About three months before I met you.
When?
I paid him $50,000 in cash for your psychiatric file.
Try me.
You won't believe me.
No more games, Nick.  I'm tired of playing games!
No?
No.
I never have before.
I thought you didn't do adolescent secrets.
No, she didn't... she never got jealous before... she got excited.  I don't have luck with women. There was this girl I met while I was in college.  I slept with her once.  She started following me around, taking my picture.  She dyed her hair, copied my clothes. Lisa something... Oberman.  It was awful.
Maybe she got jealous of Johnny Boz, too.
For what... to set me up?  She loved me she wouldn't frame me.
Do you think she killed Johnny Boz?
Make love to me.
It's OK.  It's OK.
Everybody that I care about dies.
No.
Do you think I told her to kill You?
Did you like her to watch?
I should have known.  I came into the house when you were down on the beach.  She looked at me so strangely.  She left right after you.  I shouldn't have let her watch us. She wanted to watch me all the time.  She tried to kill you, didn't she?
I know.
You're in over your head.
I don't have a choice.
You shouldn't play this game.
I told you I had a vivid imagination.
I thought that business with the scarf was pretty nifty.
Do you want personal insights and adolescent secrets?  I don't do those.
Are you kidding?  You think this is my idea of morning-after conversation?
It hurts.
Fine.  How's your back?
How's your shoulder?
Do you want her to join us sometime?
How about Roxy?  Is she a fuck to the century, too?
I thought it was a pretty good beginning.
What did you think?
I told her it was the fuck of the century.
Did you think it was so special?
She's seen everything before.
Maybe she saw something she didn't see before.
I'll meet you there.
I'm leaving the house around midnight.  In case you're going to follow me.  I'm going down to Johnny's club.
I'm getting deeper and deeper into my character.
How's your new book?
To see if I can get away with it.
Why take the risk?
I'll risk it.
Good.  I'd miss you.  You can get into trouble, though. You're not really a cop anymore.
No.
You're not going to stop following me around now just because you're on leave -- are you?
No.  I wrote it years afterwards.
Yes.
You mean did I write it before my parents died?
When did you write it?
To see if he can get away with it.
Why does he do it?
A boy kills his parents.  They have a plane.  He makes it look like an accident.
What's it about?
Aren't you going to thank me?
What do you want from me, Catherine?
Say -- "What do you want from me, Catherine?"
It's not the same thing, is it?
There's Pepsi in the fridge.
Bitch mostly, but he meant it affectionately.  You don't have any coke, do you?  I love coke and Jack Daniel's.
What did Bobby Vasquez used to call you?
Cheers.  My friends call me Catherine.
I know, Nicky, but I like it.
My wife used to call me that.
What if I call you Nicky?
What if I asked you not to call me Shooter?
Isn't he the policeman that you shot, Shooter?
What did you pay Nilsen?
Please.
Ice?
Fine.
Jack Daniel's okay?  It's gonna have to be.
Not me.
You can make a mistake.
Why not?
Don't get too cocky.
You're not easy to figure.  I'm just very good at figuring.
Yeah.  Would you like to come up and have a drink?
Do you?
I like you.
I wasn't talking about real friends. Why doesn't Gus like me.
I don't know about that I don't have any money I don't have any attorneys Gus is my only real friend.
I have attorneys.  They have friends.  I have friends.  Money buys you a lot of attorneys and friends.
How exactly did you hear?
Yes, you did.  They never tested you, did they?  But Internal Affairs knew.
I didn't.
No.
What happened, Nick?  Did you get sucked into it? Did you like it too much?
Only in theory.  You know all about homicidal impulse, don't you, shooter?  Not in theory -- in practice.
Didn't you study it in school?
Yes.  She's helped me understand homicidal impulse.
She wiped out her whole family.
Noah was my counselor in my freshman year.  That's probably where I got the idea for the icepick.  For my book. Funny how the subconscious works.  Hazel is my friend.
You want a name from the present? How about Hazel Dobkins?
There's a name from the past.
Tell me about Professor Goldstein.
They were drug buys.  I was a vice cop.
Four shootings in five years.  All accidents.
It was an accident.  They got in the line of fire.
I don't know.  But you do.
You tell me.
I'd like to ask you some, too.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
No, thanks.
Would you like a drink?  I was just going to have one.
No.  Come in.
Am I... disturbing you?
You know I don't like to wear any underwear, don't you, Nick?
I don't know anything that isn't police business.
You know all about me.
How do you know all this stuff about me?
You see?  We're both innocent, Nick.
I passed.
Because I'm a professional liar. I spend most of my waking hours dwelling on my lies.  For my writing.
Why not?
If I were guilty, and if I wanted to beat that machine, it wouldn't be tiring.  It wouldn't be tiring at all.
It's got to be tiring to beat that machine.
I'm tired.
Thanks.
Sure.
You still get the pleasure.  Didn't you ever fuck anybody else while you were married, Nick?
Even though you were fucking him.
That's right.
Because you didn't love him --
No.
But you didn't hurt --
I felt somebody had read my book and was playing a game.
How did you feel when I told you Johnny Boz had died -- that day at the beach.
I loved him.  I hurt.
How did you feel when he died?
I've got a degree in psych.  It goes with the turf.  Games are fun.
You like playing games, don't you?
Yes it does, doesn't it?
Writing a book about it gives you an alibi for not killing him.
No.  I said I liked Johnny to use his hands.  I don't give any rules, Nick.  I go with the flow.
But you said you liked men to use their hands.
I have nothing to hide.
I told them you wouldn't want to hide.
I told them you wouldn't want an attorney present.
Did I miss something?
A detective.  He falls for the wrong woman.
What's your new book about?
It won't last.
I told you -- I quit.
I found some in my purse; would you like one?
I thought you were out of cigarettes.
I quit.
Yes, you do.
I don't smoke.
Do you have a cigarette?
Only when they make interesting reading.
Do you always keep old newspapers around?
If that's the way you want to play it.
Are you arresting me?
Ms. Tramell, we'd like you to come downtown and answer some questions for us.
No.  I wasn't in the mood to have sex with anyone last night.
Was there anyone with you last night?
No.  We had a drink at the club. We left together.  I came here. He went home.
Did you go home with him?
Yes.
Did you leave the club with him?
Yes.
Were you with him last night?
About a year and a half.
How long were you having sex with him?
I wasn't dating him.  I was fucking him.
How long were you dating him?
I know who you are.
I'm De...
I'd have to be pretty stupid to write a book about a killing and then kill him the way I described in my book. I'd be announcing myself as the killer.  I'm not stupid.
Did you kill Mr. Boz, Ms. Tramell?
No.
Did you ever tie him up?
Exactly what do you have in mind, Mr. Corrigan.
Did you ever engage in sado- masochistic activity with him?
I had sex with him for about a year and a half.  I liked having sex with him.
Would you tell us the nature of your relationship with Mr. Boz?
What are you going to do?  Charge me with smoking?
There is no smoking in this building, Ms. Tramell.
No thank you.
I'm John Corrigan.  I'm an assistant district attorney, Ms.  Tramell. Can we get you anything?  Would you like some coffee?
I'm a writer,  I use people for what I write.  You write what you know.  Let the world beware.
That's pretty cold, ain't it, lady?
In the beginning.  Then I got to like what he did for me.
Cocaine.
What kind of drugs?
Sometimes.
Do you use drugs, Ms. Tramell?
The answer is no.  I didn't kill him.
I like that.  "Suspension of Disbelief."
You make it up, but it has to be believable.  They call it suspension of disbelief.
How's that?
It teaches you to lie.
It must really be somehtin' --makin' stuff up all the time.
Yes I am.
You workin' on another book?
Why would I need an attorney?
You have the right to an attorney.
Read me my rights and arrest me and I'll go downtown.
Listen, lady, we can do this downtown if you --
I don't really feel like talking anymore.
Really.  Maybe that's why you're from Homicide.  How?
He was murdered.
How did he die?
You did.
I hope I helped you out.
Thanks.
Nope. She did.  Like I say.  It never panned.
He had a girlfriend?
The usual -- a girlfriend.
What kind of talk?
Nope.  There was some talk; it never panned.
Was she ever a suspect?
That's him.
Nilsen?
Nope, can't say that I do.
Do you remember his name?
Yeah, he said it was routine too. Now it's two guys saying it's routine.
Routine.
I had another one of you guys down here from Frisco -- about a year ago -- he asked me the same question.  What's this about anyway?
Was his wife ever a suspect?
No suspects, no motive.  Unsolved.
Were there ever any suspects?
.38 revolver.  Never recovered.
What was the weapon?
He was walking home from work. They only lived a coupla blocks from the clinic.  Somebody drove by and shot him.
She said alone -- suite 405.  It ain't gonna take long.
I'm going with you.
Where the hell you goin'?
You got goddamn tweety-birds flutterin' around your head, that's what you got.  You think you're gonna fuck like minks, raise rugrats, and live happily ever after?  Oh, man.
I know what happened.  Catherine told me what happened.
Goddamn writers -- all they do is use up trees and ruin people's eyes.  There's gotta be somebody at Berkeley who knows what the hell happened.
She's a writer -- it's part of what she does.
She'd have to be nuttier than a twenty-pound Christmas fruitcake. She's not the one who hangs out with multiple murderers -- your girlfriend is.
He was I.A.  He probably asked her about it.
How did she know Nilsen knew about it -- if it happened?
Don't you get it, Gus?  If Beth killed Johnny Boz to frame Catherine -- she wouldn't want anyone to know what happened at Berkeley.  It gives her the motive to kill Nilsen.
If she's telling  you the truth.
Catherine told me what was in it.
So Nilsen had a report on her -- so what.  You don't know what the hell was in it?
Which one you talkin' about now, son?  We know ole Hazel did it; we know young Roxy did it -- and the other one Well, hell, she's got that magna come lawdy pussy on her that done fried up your brain.
I'm not sure anymore she did it.
Ain't that hard, son.  This young farmgirl, she got tired of all that attention goin' to her little brothers -- she fixed 'em.  Just like 'ole Hazel Dobkins fixed her whole family -- except young Roxy here, she didn't use a wedding present.  She used Daddy's razor.
I don't understand what the hell's going on here, pop.
You're my friend, Gus.
Why not?
I don't believe it.
You know that stuff they say about how you can judge people by their friends?
She's right.  You got an icepick in you yet?
Catherine says you don't like her.
You think I'd let you drive my Cadillac car?  I ain't lettin' no hear-up-his-ass person drive my Cadillac car.
Come on, I'll drive you in this thing.
In that little pissant car of yours? Hell, no.  I ain't gettin' no back pain disability retirement -- I'm gettin' me a full pension and a real gold-plate Seiko watch.
You all right, pop?  You want me to drive you?
Maybe it wasn't her that paid him. Maybe the money was for somethin' else.  How the fuck do I know? I'm just an old city cowboy tryin' not to fall outta his saddle.
It doesn't make sense.  She didn't know me three months ago.
That's her pussy talkin' --He gets a real nasty look from a very fat woman eating a cheeseburger.  He winks at her.  The woman looks away from him, shaking her head.
I don't know.  I'm just not.
Why the hell not?
I'm not afraid of her.
I feel fine!
You feeling better?
Say what?
You don't like punk rockers?
What in the hell for?  You think I'm gettin' any at my age?  I don't like blue-haired women.  I don't like 'em.
You oughta use a rubber, pop.  You really should.
I don't give a... flyin'... chili- bean... fart about AIDS!
I'm not gonna get AIDS, pop --don't worry about it.  I always use a rubber.
You... fucked her!  Goddamn dumb sonofabitch... You fucked her! Goddamn, you are one dumb sonofabitch --
I wasn't there last night, either.
I went over last night, too.
Easy there, partner -- I wasn't there.
I know what that's like.
Everybody that she plays with dies.
She want to play?  Fine.  I can play.
Forgive me for askin', son, and I don't mean to belabor the obvious, but why is it that you've got your head so far up your own ass?
Well, hell, son, it's got a certain ring to it, I'll say that.
I don't think it's funny.
I don't son, but I got the minority opinion.
You think I --
Somethin', though.
I don't know.
What is it you got between you?
She knows where I live and breathe. She's coming after me.
You sure got real conclusive ways of demonstrating that.
I got tired of being played with.
No, sir.  You won't.  There's smoke off yonder on the horizon.  They're gonna want your badge.
Nothin'  I'll be okay, pop.
What's goin' down, son?
Hell yes!  Couldn't get it outta my head for years.  Still can't. Nice little kids -- nice husband, wasn't porkin' around -- no financial problems.  One day -- outta the clear blue sky -- she does 'em.  All of 'em.  Used a knife. He got for a wedding present. Didn't even deny it.  Sweet as honey.  Said she didn't know why she done it.
Do you remember a case -- 1956 -- Hazel Dobkins?
No, sir.  They never even got a statement from her.
Was she ever suspect?
I came in here to jack off the damn machine.  One dead psychology professor. Noah Goldstein.  Dr. Noah Goldstein. And guess what?  He was her counselor.
What are you doing here, Pop?
Ain't you go nothin' better to do than to come in here and jack off the damn machine?
It's my first drink in three months. That okay with you, pop?  She doesn't know me.  I never saw her before Gus and I talked to her.
What you doin', son?
Hallelujah.
She misses me.
How'd it go, son?
I'm a smart sonofabitch.  I just hide it.
I didn't know you knew who Picasso was, Gus.
Ain't that cute?  They got his and her Pig-assos, son.
They're executives.  They're nervous about everything.
Talcott doesn't usually show up at the office 'till after his 18 holes. What are they nervous about?
Not now he don't.
Before your time, pop.  Mid-sixties.  Five or six hits. He's got a club down in the Fillmore now.
I never heard of him.
Rock and roll, Gus.  Johnny Boz.
Who was this fuckin' guy?
Go stick your head in a tub of ice water.  See where she leads.
You're already gettin' psychological input, son.
He looks a little shrunk, that's all.
You look like dogshit.
Yeah.  I know.
He ain't that way.  He's got heart.
Sometimes I think he started banging her just to get himself off the hook with Internal Affairs.
Maybe it's for old-time's sake.
Maybe she did, Gus.  Maybe she grew herself an Afro and learned a left hook and put shoe polish on her face.  Let's polygraph her again and ask her about it.
Not unless she got up in the ring and turned into one mean sonofabitch.
She's 54 years old and weighs 240 pounds.
Maybe the maid did it.
She said she didn't know herself, just sort of did it on impulse.  The razor just happened to be there.
What was the motive?
You're looking for Catherine, not me.
Were you with him last night?
Is he dead?
When was the last time you saw John Boz?
What do you want?
Homicide.
Yeah.  But you didn't tell me to stay away from her car.
I told you to stay away from Tramell.
Gus and I talked to her at Tramell's house.  All we did was write her name down.
You knew her, didn't you?
Don't fuck with me, Nick.  I don't need a reason to put your ass in a sling.
I don't think she meant to go off the hill, do you?
You're driving around North Beach for no particular reason and this car won't get out of the way --
It was an accident.
Tell me again.  I want to hear you say it again.
You don't but it, do you?  She knew nobody would but it.  She knew I'd say she did it.  And she knew nobody would buy it.
First you've got her buying your file.  Now you've got her killing Nilsen.  Forget her, willya?  Go someplace.  Sit in the sun.  Get away from this goddamn fog.  Get her out of your system.
Catherine Tramell.  It's part of her game.
Beth?  Now you've got Beth killing people?
She killed him.
I.A.'s going to talk to you more about Nilsen.  They're handling the investigation, we're not. Stay in touch with Dr. Gardner, it'll help on the evaluation.
No.
I'll ask you once, Nick -- for the record did you kill him?
What about me?
Gus -- go over to Berkeley. Harrigan -- find out what else she's published.  Andrews -- get the files on her parents' accident. Carbon Beth on everything.  I want some psychological input on this Andrews and Harrigan go; Nick is left there with Gus.
Fuck you, too Nick.
Fuck you, Phil.
How you're saying she killed her parents?  Did she kill Bobby Vasquez, too?
How did they die?  Was there an investigation?
Her parents died in an accident. I don't care what else she's written.  What are you -- a book critic?
Come on, Phil.  You're not gonna let this slide.  What about her parents?  What about what else she's published?  At least we should get the stuff to see if we find anything else that's an amazing real-life coincidence.
How the fuck do you know?  What is it with you and this broad anyway?
She knew she could beat it.  That's why she asked to take it.
What now what? Now nothing.  She passed the polygraph.  That's it.
Now what?
I'm sure.
You sure?
And you volunteered.
She didn't ask me for the ride. She asked anybody.
What is all this "Nick" stuff -- Nick would you like a cigarette. Nick can you give me a ride.
We bring her in for questioning.
So what do we do -- nothing?
You forgot her degree in literature. She's a writer.  She published a novel last year under a pen name. Do you want to know what it's about?
I love it.  She's got a hundred million bucks.  She fucks fighters and rock and roll stars.  And she's got a degree in screwing with peoples' heads.
Formerly engaged to Roberto Vasquez, deceased --
Are you kidding me?
I said keep it.
Do you want me to work the case, Phil, or do you want me to --
Keep your three o'clock.
What was it?
He left the club with his girlfriend about midnight.  That's the last time anybody saw him.
Maybe that's what you're counting on to get you off the hook.
We know you're not stupid, Ms. Tramell.
It's yours.
She was the last person seen with the guy -- I'll take the responsibility.
She's got enough money to burn this whole department down.
Catherine Tramell.  Age 30.  No priors, no convictions.  Double major, magnum cum laude, Berkeley, 1980.  Literature and Psychology. Daughter, sole survivor -- Marvin and Elaine Tramell, killed in a boating accident, 1978, Catherine Tramell sole heir.  Estimated assets $110 million.
On what basis?
She's a suspect.
He was shot.
He died -- about five or six years ago.
Only if you're making it.
Can there be some mistake?
No Lisa Anderson, detective.
Can you check again?
Yes I did.
Did you check all four years?
Anderson.  Jack W. Donald M.  I'm sorry.  No Lisa.
Fourteen.  We seal juvenile records until they're deceased.  That's why you didn't find it in your computer.
How old was she when this happened?
I'm Roxy.  I'm her -- friend.
Who are you?
You wouldn't be here otherwise, would you?
Why do you think he's dead?
Are you vice?
We're sorry to disturb you, we'd like to ask you some --
As long as I've known Andy, he's never asked me for anything except to speak to you about getting off drugs. He's painted my picture, we've eaten dinner in God knows how many places together. But he doesn't care about me. He cares about you. You're the only person he cares about. He's your friend. Fuck that article. You want a toasted bagel with cream cheese?
I haven't felt like talking to him since that thing came out.
You're asking me this because of the 'lapdog' remark. I read that. The person that wrote that has the compassion of a housefly. That's your enemy, not your audience. Your audience hasn't even been born yet. It's a lie that art is popular. The only thing popular about it is that it's written about in newspapers. I'm surprised when anybody comes to my openings. There're about ten people on the planet who know anything about painting, and Andy's one of them.
What about the shit they write?
No. It's one of the few times I feel good. I used to have to go to work and cook every day. That I got sick of.
The whole thing  painting.
Of what?
Do you ever get sick of it?
This is painted on a backdrop from the Kabuki theater in Japan. I painted it after Joseph Beuys died. A rebirth painting. I felt like he could've painted it, or maybe someone else was painting it instead of me. The Chinese calligraphers used to change their name mid-career so they could start over as someone else..
See ya in an hour.  So what do you think?
Let's get out of here.
Naa..
No, I wanted to make a painting of you.
Why, so you could humiliate me?
You're right. It's your version. You should come over to the studio sometime.
It's always how you would do it. This is my version.
I like the one with the dragon's heads a lot. But the black one's filled up with too many heads...  I'd take some of them out.  I think you're painting too fast. I wouldn't put in so many heads. Let it breathe a bit.
What do you think?
I haven't decided yet.  Rene, you wanna come over to the studio tomorrow. I wanna make a painting of you.
Not sure. How was yours?
When's your show?
I don't know.
Is this finished yet?
Rene's been telling me about your work.
Hey  it's the big A.M..
Really. Huh. Too bad.
I'm a painter, too.
No. Should I have?
My name is Jean Michel Basquiat. Have you heard of me?
Oh, I didn't know that.
It's in New York.
I think it's in New Jersey.
New York.
It's in New Jersey.
Saddle River, New York!
Saddle River's in New Jersey.
Nixon lives in Saddle River, New York.
That would be a pity because you're a real painter.
After the show we should take a nice long vacation. Maybe go to Hawaii. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm going to give up painting and start playing music again. I wanna sing.
When I was poor, everybody doubted I could make it. When I got rich, everyone said, `yeah, but he'll never keep it up.' Now everyone says `he's killing himself.' So I clean up, and then they say `Look. His art's dead.' I don't take drugs, anyway. I'm healthy now.
Bruno called. In Europe, people are saying you're gonna die from drugs. They think they can cash in on your death.
People are only interested in you because you're famous, not because they know a fuckin' thing about your work.
Gee. You shouldn't take it so seriously, Jean. That's why you can't stop taking drugs. You always think people don't like you. Everyone likes you.
I don't even have any friends anymore besides you. And everyone says "Warhol? That death-warmed over person on drugs? He's just using you."
We can do better. It needed more white.
That was my favorite part!
I don't like beer.
How come you're not peeing on them yourself?
I wanted to make a few more of these. Frank's been drinking this Mexican beer. It makes a good green.
Piss painting?
You think those are good presents? Who wants an old wig?
I'm going to send them to my friends for Christmas presents.
What's with the wigs?
Well, have you asked her to come back?
Yeah. I really blew it. I still think about her.
Do you still love her?
That girl looks just like my old girlfriend Gina.
What's wrong?
Ouch..
Let's go to the Carnegie Museum. They have the world's most famous sculptures all in these giant plaster replicas. It's really great. It's in Pittsburg.
Let's leave this town and go someplace. Some island.
My dog, Archie... I woke up with flea bites... Creepy. I ran out and bought flea collars. They work really well.
Cool.
Gee. I don't need to. You're a natural. You should sign up with my modeling agent.
Yeah  I'd do that... You could teach me.
Wow... Stop giving them away.  I got an invitation to model for Comme de Garcons... You wanna do it with me?
Everybody's paying top dollar for scraps of paper, refrigerator doors  anything with a SAMO tag on it.  The other day, I just wanted a pack of cigarettes, so I did a drawing and sold it for two bucks. A week later this gallery calls me up: "Somebody's offering us the drawing. Should we buy it for five thousand?"
That's good. At least they're interested.
I wish they'd quit writing this shit about me.
Yeah, I met her already.
Jean Michel, this is Mary Boone. She's got the great new gallery.
My jacket? Gee, great...  Your show looks great. Quite a turnout. You look great. You kids. You drink red wine with fish. You can do anything! Make paintings in the basement of your gallery? First time I've heard of that!
Andy, man, thanks for coming. I'd like to paint your jacket.
You don't even work on your stuff!
I can give you five. You didn't do very much to these.
Ten bucks apiece.
Ohhh. That's new. That sounds good.
Yeah... Like  stupid, ridiculous, crummy art.
Ignorant art?
You wanna buy some ignorant art? Ten bucks.
I really think you should talk to him about this.
I'm interested in showing Jean's work.
You should talk to him about this.
How much for these five?
Aren't they?
These are great.
No.
Is Jean Michel here?
Who?
Annina Nosei.
Who is it?
Sure.
It's great that people are interested, but if anyone's going to buy anything, I'll handle it for you. Everything goes through the gallery, even if they come to your studio.
Hi Dad. Hi Nora.
Jean, your parents are here.
I know.
Tom and Cynthia Kruger.
How about right now?
When?
You want a drink?
Well, I don't want to get mugged on a Bowery street corner. Maybe I could find a place for you to work. Take my card.
You name it, I paint there.
I'd love to see some more of your work... Where's your studio?
You haven't been by lately.
No.
I know that. Don't let him get away.
That's the same guy who did this painting.
MOTHAFUCKAH!
Just look at him.  Little silver thingies on his cowboy boots? Honey, I don't think so.
How do you know?
Naaaa. Poor thing has a little dick.
I don't know. I told you, this isn't my apartment.
Who did this?  Who did this?
Cut it out, man! And don't be callin' me that shit!
Oh man, you a FINE nigga! You know that?
Chill, man! Be cool! This isn't even my apartment!
You haven't heard? Andy's dead.
What do you mean?
I didn't see you.
B.B. It's me  Jean! What's the matter? No snow in Switzerland this year?
It's OK. Just have him bring you to dinner at Mr. Chow's later. We'll be there.
Do you think I could borrow your limousine? I'll get it back to you in an hour.
Sure, ok..
You shouldn't have put it in the show. This is the one I absolutely have to have. I really love it.
I can get ten.
It doesn't matter how much you worked on them. It matters how much you can get for them.
OK. I'll be at your studio Thursday three o'clock.
I'm here.
Bruno spoke to me already. We could talk about it.
You have a bunch of them, don't you? Albert Milo walks in from another room.
I need a dealer.
Jean Michel... Crawling from the wreckage?
Bring him over sometime. I have some other stuff to show him.
I hear your show was sold out already. There's a very important collector who's interested in some of your works.
Tell me about it. What are you angry about?
Should there be?
OK. One last thing. Is there any anger in you? Any anger in your work?
Are those the only two possibilities?  You wanna French fry?
Or rather, do you think you're being exploited or are you yourself exploiting the white image of the black artist from the ghetto?
Is it true that your mother resides in a mental institution?
No, he said I was the Eddie Murphy of the art world. He said the Eddie Murphy.
Why, that's from Time Magazine.
Who said that?
I see..  And... How do you respond to being called  hmmm...   yes, "the pickaninny of the art world."
We don't hang them at home, y'know  just in the streets..
Hmmmm. Interesting. And when you grew up were there any primitives hanging in your home?
Yup.
Yes, yes... Let's talk about that.... your roots... Your father is from Haiti, isn't he?
No, I'm Haitian-Puerto Rican.
Not black.
Not what?
You're not?
I'm not black.
What?
I use a lot of colors  not only black.
Yes, but as a black painter 
Oh, that's a "Leonardo's Greatest Hits" painting. You like it?
Well, you said that.  You've got a lot of references from Leonardo da Vinci, don't you?
A primate?
You mean like an ape?
Hmmm. And 'Parasites.'  You seem to be a Primal Expressionist.
Leeches. A long list of leeches.  It looks good like that.
What are they?
Where? Do you ask Miles where he got that note from? Where do you take your words from?  Everywhere.
Yes, I understand  but where do you take them from?
They're just words.
Yes. What do they... stand for?
Decipher?
... Can you... decipher this for us?
I hate this. Turn that off.
What is it that gets you out of bed in the morning? 
Very well.
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah, just put their bill on my tab.
See that table over there? I'd like to pay their bill.
I'm sorry, Mr. Basquiat.
Chateau Latour '64, please.
Would you like to see the wine list?
What's wrong with you today?
Blue? Where?
Wanna bet? If you show too much respect for people with money, they don't have respect for you.
Get up. She won't buy anything if she sees me working on it!
Why don't you try letting her in, Steve  I mean Shenge.
It's Maria Portos. What should we do?
Use your fucking instinct.
You want me to put it here?
Yeah..
 In this corner?
Still not here.
It's Andy again.
Yeah... Maybe just his arms.  Put some Cerulean Blue there.
Out?
Paint it out.
Medicine, man! Like health food. I'm taking care of my health!
Drugs??!
Me fall? Let's get some drugs!
Sit down! You're gonna fall out!
Come on, let's get out of here.
I guess it was a long time ago.
She's good.
Hey fuck you! I deserve this shit. You're just jealous 'cause it ain't happening to you!
That's not how I meant it.  For all you know, you might just be a flash in the pan! You can never tell.
'Uppity?' Like as in 'uppity nigger?'
What's your fuckin' problem? You get a girlfriend and a little attention and then start acting all uppity with me.
Good. What do you have?
I don't really have any problems.
What's your fuckin' problem, anyway?
Good.
I ain't John Henry.
What's the rush, John Henry?
Yeah... I'll paint on it.
You gonna carry that around all night?
For real?
We got beat.
Come on in!
Willie Mays!!! Willie Mays!!!
Hi Gina.
Check you later, man.
Don't give him anything, man. Your art's worth a lot. Trade. That's what real artists do with each other. Besides, he'll just use you. He's famous for that.
He's the best painter in the world. I'm gonna give him one of these.
What're you doing? You're doing something.
He drops dead! See? Just do your shit like you do it! Your friends like you, you get laid, everyone walks by, sees your stuff everywhere. It's good. What else do you want?
So then what?
Oh man! Folklore guy  worked on the railroad. Y'know, pounding in spikes and laying down track. Then one day they invented a machine to do it. And he says "Fuck that, I'm a MAN" and he challenges the machine to a race to lay down a mile of track. It takes two days. Neck and neck the whole time. They get right to the end, and he beats it by one spike.  Got a cigarette?
Who's John Henry?
Famous people are usually pretty stupid. You're too smart. You'd get bored to death. You don't wanna be like John Henry  fighting the machine. Just do what you do. It's about integrity. Follow your heart.
Ummm... Four years. Six to get rich.
Whatever. Famous. To where you can do your stuff all day without thinking about anything else.
Oh  you mean black people!
Your people.
About what?
You're shattering all my myths.
Concentrate on the ball. Shoot.
I am... On Gina.  Fuck  I didn't think we were actually gonna do this.
Come on, Jean. Get rid of your cigarette. Concentrate.
We're getting married. She said she could tell I was a great artist  she could see it in my eyes. She said she wanted to be by my side and have inter-racial babies with me.
You got a date already?
Thanks.  Your dad called again  something about a job.
I knew I left these somewhere. One of these'll send your kids to college someday.  Here  I made this for you.
Yeah man. I'm jealous. You're always great, Benny.  "Her name is G-I-N-A Gina And she lo-oooves me." I did say chicken!
Would you shut the fuck up? You hear what I'm doing?
"She loves me. Oh yeah she loves me! She loooooooves me, Oh yeah she loves me!" Bring me some chicken, baby!
Oh yeah..
SAMO.
Who am I?
The Devil, man. Rene Ricard. Art critic  writes for Artforum. People read him. Tell him who you are..
Who's that?
Willie Mays.
Hey  Willie Mays.
What's his name?
You don't have to be sorry. There's no one to blame. Jean, you're a real artist. I thought I was one. You made me realize I wasn't.
I don't believe it, Jean  they're picking straws.
Baby, I think about you a lot. I'm really sorry about everything. You have to believe me. I'm serious. I wish, y'know, that we were 
George?
That is amazing. What year is it?
Forget it.
What's that about?
Wow. Congratulations. I hate that asshole.  Thanks for coming. I guess I just wanted to find out how you're 
Pretty much the same.
How is he?
So. Are you ready? I start Columbia next fall. Of course, there's like, a year of pre-med stuff, but  whatever. I'm really excited.  And: Rene gave me a job as his secretary. His poems are getting published.
Why does everybody say that? He's the only person I know who doesn't need to use me.
Don't you think he's using you?
He's not. He's out of town and he calls me every day. What's weird about him?
So are you really friends with Andy? He seems like such a weirdo.
A present I picked up for you.
What's that?
Hi.
Hi.
You're your own baby.
What's wrong with me?
You mean babies with you?
... babies.
Think so?
It looks done.
Staten Island would be ok.
Oahu, Lanai, Niihau, Kahoolawee 
I hadn't thought about it.
Which island of Hawaii do you want our house to be on? Maui? Kaui? Molokai?
Well thanks!
You look fucking beautiful, beautiful.
You want some?
Basquiat, don't lie.  This is smack.
Basquiat, what did you take?
I'm your family.
You're blaming me? I had to go see my family.
It's not Sunday? I missed you. You shouldn't leave me alone.
It's Monday morning.
You're back.
Oh, God, Basquiat, you scared the shit out of me. How the fuck could you do that to yourself?
... What's the matter?
Manzanita....  ... if one day I die, and you read this piece of paper, I want you to know how much I love you. Although I'll never see you again, Gypsy, Gypsy, your hair, your hair, your face, your face'
What who's saying?
Do you know what he's saying?
You don't have any fucking money..
... I'll buy you some new ones.
I'm going to my parents this weekend. What am I going to wear?  How could you do that to me?
C'mon, baby, I painted them for you. They're beautiful now.
Basquiat, those are my best clothes!!! What are you doing?
A friend of mine offered me a job doing a little work installing a show in a gallery. He's an electrician. I was supposed to be there an hour ago.
Wanna go get some breakfast?
I do.  I just said that. I was never here before. I actually like it.
I thought you hated this place?
Yeah, if you have any dimes left. 477- 0496.
Party girls? Can I call you?
I don't go there. Too many party girls.
Just come to the Mudd Club on Friday.
You do! You definitely do.
I'm clean. Smell me. I always smell good. I don't know why, I just do!
Have you been camping? You could use a scrub.
I think I could do that alone.
Can I walk you home?
Guess I just got sick of him.
I guess you did.
No, don't tell me  you just got fired by your crazy boss.
I'll take it.  Andy, gimme three thousand dollars.  Just the caviar  I'll get the rest.
It's three thousand dollars!
I'll take the whole tin.
Yeah, it's the best one.
Is that the best quality you have?
You only want one Big Mac?
Forget it .I'll take six, no, seven chocolate shakes, an order of fries, a Big Mac, and two apple pies.
You want three Big Macs, two chocolate shakes, two orders of fries, and an apple pie.
I'll take three big Macs, two chocolate shakes, two orders of fries, and an apple pie.
Nice to meet you, Shenge. Want a job?
They call me Steve, but I prefer Shenge.
What's your name, man?
Sure. I'd be glad to.
Would you check out my studio some time?
That's great.
You did it! You made it. I'm a painter, too.
Me? Why?
I really... admire you.
Thanks
See you later.
Stand still.
Some of them.
You like your dad's paintings?
I've seen you before. I like your paintings a lot. Your hair was different.
Hi.
Hi.
No name? That's ok. I'll just call you Big Pink.
You're a fast mover.
Oh. I didn't know. I'll take you to the best restaurant in town.  You'll miss a great meal and I'll keep the scarf, anyway. What's your name?
I don't eat junk food.
Have a Mac.
No, I'd like the scarf.
Wanna Mac?
Come on.
I'd like to squeeze your titties.
How can I ever thank you?
Fame. My liquid hijack Marlboros and the moon and the cow that jumped over it.
What? What do you want?
You don't even know me. I want real respect.
What is it you want? Respect? I have respect for you, just for making this call. One philosopher said "Sadness is a sin against the richness of the world." Think about it. Feel it.
No, I don't. I'm alone. We all are. Especially here. The world's unjust. The respect fools get. The disrespect I get.
You see? You have someone to live for.
No! I have a boyfriend. He loves me.
What? Life's beautiful. Depression isn't permanent. Don't you believe that?  What is it  did your girlfriend leave you?
Life doesn't... make... sense. This city's k-killing me. I want my liquid hijack Marlboros!
What? Wait a minute... talk to me.
Haitian. I'm going to kill myself. I'm taking pills. Reds, blues, greens.
That's a beautiful name. French?
Thanks again for not inviting me. I'm only here on business.
Hey, Rene.
Forget it.
I'll make you another one.
You fucking little whore! You sold my painting! I'm gonna tell you something, brother  when you're climbing up the ladder of success, don't kick out the rungs! Believe that shit.
I can't. After the show.
Thanks... I'll take it tonight.
That one's for you.
5:11.
What time is it?
So shut up and keep painting..
So what?
You're news. I want the scoop. I write it down. When I speak, no one believes me. But when I write it down, people know it's true.  There's never been a black painter in art history that's been considered really important, you know?
Yes, Boss.  If you're so smart, why are you here with me in this basement?
So keep painting.
My point exactly.
I didn't know Tony Bennett painted.
Singing on stage and painting in your spare time.
Tony Bennett... What do you mean?
Fuck band practice... If you're gonna be a painter you're gonna have to break a few hearts  you don't wanna be like Tony Bennett..
Fuck...  I forgot about that.
Uh huhh... Band practice?  It's Benny. He wants to know why you're not at band practice...?
Jean Michel Basquiat.
I can put you in the ring with him. Even book the dates.  But those big boys know how to fight. They could make you look real sissy.  I was looking at that painting upstairs. It's the first time a picture made me embarrassed to own anything.  So what's your real name? 'Samo?'
Can you put me in the ring with him?
You heard of Albert Milo. I made that niggah. I'm Rene Ricard. Didn't you read "Not About Albert Milo?" I know who to hype. Baby, I'm gonna make you a star.
I sculpt. I'm really just starting to find myself. How old are you? Twenty? You're just like I used to be. I'm forty-one. And I'm glad I haven't gotten any recognition. It gave me time to develop.
I didn't know.
Jean? Hold this, please.  You'll get there. But it's good to have something to fall back on. That's why I became an electrician. It pays the rent. Y'know, I'm an artist, too.
That's impossible. I've got, like, five of 'em!
You don't have any!!!
Yeah.
'Phillips head,' right?
Yeah.
A Phillips head. From the toolbox.
A what?
Jean, could you get me a Phillips screwdriver?
I need this?
I need this?
I just don't think you're being fair.
You nuts? Let him order? You on his side? You're not such a good waitress. You get out, too.
Pipe down, Lech. Let him order.
OK! Goodbye!
That's ignorant.
You're selling and ending the culture. Not one bit of information. Only to get the money and growl with the power, man.
Man, I was up on him years ago on the IRT.
I'm here for an interrogation. You've been called a graffiti artist and I wanna know why. All I see are scribble scrabble abstractions!
Uh-oh!
Yo... You know why Rammellzee's here, don't you?
YO! Jean, this is Ramellzee.
Right.  Sure.  And "Peace on earth, good will toward men."
Well ... Come what may... Merry Christmas, Mr. Wayne.
Yes, I suppose that we did.
I guess this mean we won.
You'll never guess.
Ah.  "Who", may I ask, are you going "as"?
I'm tempted, but ... well ... it is an occasion for celebration, and ... umm ... Selina will probably be there ...
Mr. Wayne ... a reminder:  Tonight is that loathsome party, hosted by that odious Mr. Shreck.  May we RSVP in the resoundingly negative?
I think I'll take the stairs.
"Affair" ... yes, maybe ... if she ...
Selina ... more facets than Vicki, huh?  Funny, but sort of mysterious...
Alright, thanks.
I will relay the message.
'Fraid I can't.  There's been a kidnapping ... Tell Selina ... Ms. Kyle ... that some business came up -- no, tell her some major deal fell through, she'll feel sorry ... No, no, here's what to do, just tell her ... let her know that I ... not in a dumb "Be my girlfriend way," but --
Which is why I hoped you'd snub him.
Sorry, Alfred, I have to get to the Plaza.  You heard Penguin, he was practically begging me to show.
No, actually I feel worse.
I suppose you feel better now, sir.
Vichyssoise.  Supposed to be cold, right?
It's vichyssoise, sir.
It's cold.
No, nothing, ah ...  His parents ... I ... I hope he finds them.
Mr. Wayne ... Something wrong?
Wrong on both counts.
Don't be naive.  The law doesn't apply to people like him!  Or us --
First you're gonna shut up.  Then you're gonna turn yourself in.
Seems like every woman you try to save ends up dead, or deeply resentful.
I tried to grab you -- save you --
You're the second man who killed me this week.  But hey, no prob ... I've got seven lives left.
But a kiss can be even deadlier, if you mean it.
A kiss under the misteltoe. Mistletoe can be deadly, if you eat it ...
We do.
Hey stud:  I thought we had something together.
...four, five.
I can't sleep either, lately.  A little link, between us.  But bottom line baby, you live to preserve the peace, and I'm dying to disturb it.  That could put a strain on our relationship.
I just can't sleep at night. Exploding department stores keep me up.  One ...
Wow, a real response and you're not even trying to get into my tights. But explain me ... If you're so down on "them" out there, why bust your bat-buns to protect 'em?
A "he-man"?  Sure.  They shine that beacon in the sky, then wonder what hole I crawl out of.
Good joke.  Wanna hear another one?
Hanging on every word.
As I was saying:  I'm a woman, and can't be taken for granted.  Are you listening, you Batman you?
I'm -- sorry, I --
How could you?  I'm a woman...
"Shreck's."  You --
Where's the fire?
Maybe you're right.
I think you're jealous that I'm a genuine freak, and you have to wear a mask!
Things change.
Ah, the direct approach.  I admire that in a man with a mask.  But you don't really think you'll ever win, playing it your way ..?
What're you really after?
Better than you know, Bat-boy.
Once you were their freak, now these clowns do your bidding. Must feel pretty good.
Things change.  Hey, good to meet you.  We'll be working hand in glove in Gotham's glorious future.
You're not the Mayor.
Touring the riot scene.  Gravely assessing the devastation. Upstanding mayor stuff.
Admiring your handiwork?
I don't know.  Till we figure it out, let's ... let's keep dancing.
... What do we do?
But a kiss can be even deadlier, if you mean ... it.
A kiss under the mistletoe. Mistletoe can be deadly, if you eat it ...
I don't know anymore, Bruce ...
Jesus, Selina, you're not the judge <u>or</u> the jury... I mean, just who do you think you <u>are</u>?
Now don't give me a killing-Max- won't-solve-anything speech, because it will.  Aren't you tired of this sanctimonious robber baron always coming out on top?  When he should be six feet under?
You first.
Same here.  So why'd you come tonight?
Guess I'm sick of wearing masks ...
Y'mean take off our costumes?
There's a big, comfy California King over in Bedding.  What say we ...
No hard feelings?
'S'okay, I had to go home, feed my cat.
Sorry about yesterday ... Some big deal came together, no, fell through, and --
What're you doing three dates from now?
Nor I, on the second.
I, ah ... never fool around on the first date.
Ah ... then you've come to the right lonely mansion.
It's the so-called "normal" guys who always let you down.  Sickos never scare me.  At least they're commited.
If I said yes, then you might think me a Norman Bates, or a Ted Bundy type ... and then you might not let me kiss you.
Well?  Was "Vicki" right?  About your difficulty with duality?
Sure.
Photojournalist.
"Vicki."  Ice-skater, or stewardess?
Well ... How can I put this. There were two truths ... and she had trouble reconciling them. Because <u>I</u> had trouble reconciling them.  Vicki said.
And the truth frightened her?
Nope, I told her everything.
What went wrong?  Hang on, I think I know ... You kept things from her.
Had one.  Didn't work.
Executive Assistant.  Secretary.  Girlfriend?
Somewhat like the lonesome secretary syndrome, I'd suppose.
I'm sure he's wonderful company and all, but ... doesn't the gold- plated bachelor bit get a little ... stale?
Yes and no...
... and me.  No, that's be me and me.  Is that what I said?
"We"?  You and...
... Maybe I'll watch it on TV.
Yeah?  Me too...
Well, I'm... braver at night, if that's what you mean...
No darker than yours, Bruce.
You've got a dark side, Selina Kyle.
I detest violence, but ... Christmas complacency can be a downer, too.
You almost sound enthusiastic.
-- and it's gonna be a hot time in the cold town tonight.
I wouldn't be caught dead.  No, it's probably how I would be caught.  The Mayor stupidly took Cobblepot's bait --
You're not coming to that, are you?  "The Relighting of the Tree" thing?
I heard on TV, "Catwoman is thought to weigh 140 pounds."  How do these hacks <u>sleep</u> at night?
And it's not even accurate ... I mean, "Batman Blows It"?  The guy probably prevented <u>millions</u> in property damage.
The news these days ... weird. People looking to superheroes for their peace of mind, and blaming their problems on super-villains ... instead of themselves, or their spouses at least.
Treat to be here.
I don't see how ... Anyway, it's a treat to find you out in the world, away from Ebeneezer Shreck.
Scare me?  No, actually, I was just scaring myself ...
Selina.  Hi.  Didn't mean to --
Oh.  "Kyle."
I, ah ... didn't catch your last name.
Pouring myself into my work.
I'm tempted.
I'm listed.
Well, I could ... free up some time...
Well that's a ... long story ...
No.  And you don't seem like the type who takes orders from him.
You don't seem like the type who does business with Mr. Shreck.
Yes and no ...
Didn't I say that?
You mean mistook <u>me</u>?
Sorry.  I mistook me for somebody else.
Have we?
We've met.
Yawn.
It does to me.
I am the light of this city.  <u>And</u> I am its mean, twisted soul.  Does it really matter who's the "mayor"?
Course you're feeling fine ... You almost made a monster the Mayor of Gotham City.
Ingenious costume.  Let me guess ... Trust-fund goody-goody?
Yes, did -- did you injure yourself on that ski slope?  Is that why you cut short your vacation and came back?
What happened?
Wayne, I'll not stand for mud- slinging in this office.  If my assistant were here, she'd already have escorted you out, to --
"Oswald" is linked to the Red Triangle Gang.  I can't prove it but we both know it's true.
Scared of Oswald, are you?  Why, if his parents hadn't eighty- sixed him you two might've been roomies, at prep school!
Not compared to that "Cobblepot" person you're promoting...
I'm not scared of you, Max.
Mayors come and go.  And heirs tire easily.  Really think a flyweight like you could last fifteen rounds with Muhammed Shreck.
Max, I'm gonna fight you on this. The Mayor and I have already spoken and we see eye to eye here.  So --
If my life has had any meaning, that's the meaning.
Good time, too.  Everyone but the bandits seem to be slacking off till after New Years'.
I'd offer you coffee, but my assistant is using her vacation time.
Weird, huh?
No.  No glass on the inside.
Damn those Carny bolsheviks the other night, throwing bricks at my windows --
Hmm.  Primitive ventilation.
One way to find out?
You killed me, Batman killed me, Penguin killed me.  Three lives down.  Got enough bullets to finish me off?
Was.
He <u>is</u> Batman, you moron.
Selina!  Selina Kyle!?  You're fired!  And Bruce -- Bruce Wayne! Why are you dressed up as Batman?
Either you've caught a cold, or you're planning to kill me.
Sorry, Max.  A die for a die.
Let's make a deal.  <u>Other</u> than my blood, what can I off--
A half-pint.  I'm talking gallons.
My blood?  I ... I gave at the office.
Your blood, Max.
I don't know what you want, but I know I can get it for you with a minimum of fuss.  Money, jewels, a very big ball of string...
The name is Oswald Cobblepot.
Me, domesticated?  By you?  I doubt it!  You repulsive... awful... <u>penguin</u>.
Did I?  Only 'cause my mom trained me to, with a man... any man, all men --  Corn dog!
I oughta have you spayed!  You sent out all the signals!
I wouldn't touch you to scratch you.
Let's consummate our fiendish union!
I want in.  The thought of busting Batman makes me feel all ... dirty.  Maybe I'll give myself a bath right here ...
Well, a plan <u>is</u> forming ... A vicious one, involving the loss of innocent life ...
He napalmed my arm.  He knocked me off a building just when I was starting to feel good about myself. I want to play an integral part in his degradation.
You're off the hook, Ozzie.  But Batman is decidedly <u>not</u>.
Thanks.  Jeez.  Not used to this man-woman, cat-mouse business. Generally the babes flock to me, I tell 'em take a number.
You're quick.  Mayor Cobblepot.
Y'mean frame him?
He'd have more power as a martyr. No, to destroy Batman we must first turn him into what he hates most.  Meaning, us.
We're gonna disassemble his spiffy old Batmobile, then reassemble it as an H-bomb on wheels.  Capiche? Yesterday's victor is tomorrow's vapor.
Oh, him again.  He's already history -- check it out.
I have but one pet cause, today: Ban The Bat.
Are you perchance a registered voter?  I'm also a mayoral prospect.
Huh?  You're implying I'm some kinda psycho criminal?
Batman.  The thorn in both our sides, the fly in our ointment.
Appetite for destruction? Contempt for the czars of fashion? Wait don't tell me ... Naked sexual charisma?
Down, Oswald.  We have to talk.  You see we've got something in common.
I'll warm ya!  I got hot mitts --!
Women... nothing surprises me, Chip. Excepting your late mother... Who even knew Selina had a brain to damage?  Bottom line:  she tries to blackmail us, we drop her out a higher window.  Meanwhile I got badder fish to fry.  Yeah -- Oswald, please.
You buy this "blurry" business?
PMS.
Yes.  <u>Yes</u>.  Boyfriend trouble ..?
She jumped.  She'd been depressed.
I ... it was terrible, I leaned over, and accidentally knocked her, out --
Dad!  Save yourself!
Son!
My lips are sealed.
But who could've ... no, don't say it.
Well, um... funny thing, your penguins... they're not responding to the launch command.  Fact they're kind of turned around now... Like someone jammed our signal...
All is shrill, all is blight...
Silent night, violent night...
... eight, seven...
The Christmas Eve of Destruction -- !
Ten, nine...
Okay, you have a point.  Plus, the hysterics are getting on my nerves.
I'm the one you want!  Penguin, please!  Ask yourself:  Isn't it Max Shreck who manipulated and betrayed you?  Isn't it Max, not Chip, whom you want to see immersed up to his eyeballs in raw sewage?
I don't.  So, no.
Not Chip!  Please!  Penguin ... If you have one iota of human feeling, you'll take me instead.
You're coming with me, you Great White Dope!  To die, way down in the sewer!
I think you'd feel out of place at my party.  You see, it's for winners.
Max!  Relax!  Josh and Jen'll put a spin on this.  We'll talk it over tonight, at your costume par--
Point is, listen to them.  They've lost faith in old symbols. They're ready to bond with you, the icon of the future.  If it works, don't fix it...
He didn't even lose a limb, an eyeball ... bladder control ..
Imagine:  You'll have the ear of the media.  Access to captains of industry.  Unlimited poon- tang ...
Reclaim my birthright, y'mean?
Sidetracked?  Oswald, this is your chance to fulfill a destiny that your parents carelessly discarded ...
I got my own ... <u>quest</u> to pursue up here.  It's crucial I not get sidetracked, with some silly ...
... Want 'em to go apeshit.  Nutso. Ballistic ... Do permanent damage to little old ladies.  Loot, pillage, annoy people in a big way ...  <u>Sounds</u> fun.  But I ...
Precisely.  But they must come and go via the plumbing ducts that I've provided.  That shall be as sacred as the separation between church and state.
"You're doin' great, Mayor Cobblepot."  "Your table is ready, Mayor Cobblepot."  "I need you, Oswald.  I need you now.  That's the biggest parasol I ever --"
That's fine, Oswald.  But to get the Mayor recalled, we still need a catalyst, a trigger, an incident. Like the Reichstag fire, the Gulf of Tonkin.
A platform?  Lemme see ... Stop global warming.  Start global cooling.  Make the world a colder place.  <u>Frigid</u> ...
Oswald:  We need one more thing.
I could teach her my "French flipper" trick...
We need signatures.  To overturn the ballot.  I can supply those, Oswald.
Wonder if it's worth my time.
Max, elections happen in November. Is this not late December, or have I inhaled too much swamp gas in my time?
Yes, adulation is a cross to bear. God knows <u>I</u> know.  But someone's got to supplant our standing-in- the-way-of-progress Mayor and don't deny it, Mr. Cobblepot, you've got the magic!
Bu ... wh ... I ... I mean ...
A big bag of fan mail?  Filthy lucre?  Wait don't tell me ... Is it a broad?
Don't look, Oswald.  It's a surprise.
You won't regret this, Mr. Shreck.
You know what, Mr. ... Penguin-Sir? I think perhaps I could help orchestrate a little welcome-home scenario for you.  And once we're both back home, perhaps we can help each other out ...
Fred.  Fred?  He's ... actually he's been on an extended vacation, and --
A lot of tape and a little patience make all the difference.  By the way, how's Fred Adkins, your old partner?
If there were such documents -- and that is not an admission -- I would have seen to it they were shredded.
What about the documents that prove you own half the firetraps in Gotham?
Yawn.  That coulda come from anywhere.
And exactly <u>why</u> am <u>I</u> gonna help <u>you</u>?
Most of all, I want to find out who I am.  By finding my parents. Learning my "human" name.  Simple stuff that the good people of Gotham take for granted.
Well it's not working.
No, just give you a splitting headache.
What, is that supposed to "hypnotize" me?
Quiet, Max.  What do you think, this is a conversation?
My god ... it's true.  The Penguin- Man of the sewers ... Please, don't h--
Actually this is all just a bad dream.  You're home in bed. Heavily sedated, resting comfortably, and dying from the carcinogens you've personally spewed in a lifetime of profiteering. Tragic irony or poetic justice? You tell me.
Actually I have to split.  Take a "personal day."  You don't mind? Max, you're tops.
I damn well better be.  In fact I want you to phone those goniffs over at Gotham Insurance and tell them --
Morning, Max.  Bummer about the store.  You insured?
Uh, Selina, this is, uh, Bruce Wayne.
That's my name, Maximillions. Don't wear it out, babe, or I'll make you buy me a new one.
Selina?!  Selina ... Selina ...
Actually, it's a lot like that.
Okay, go ahead.  Intimidate me, bully me if it makes you feel big.  I mean, it's not like you can just kill me.
I must protect my interests, Ms. Kyle.  And Interest Number One, is <u>moi</u>.
It's our secret.  Honest.  How can you be so mean to someone so meaningless?
Too good?
And a very, very good one.
I'm no cat.  I'm just an assistant. A <u>secretary</u> --
... Where did curiosity get the cat?
And who ... would you say this <u>to</u>?
Big giant <u>capacitor</u>.  And that, instead of generating power it'll sort of be --  -- <u>sucking</u> power, from Gotham City, and storing it ... stockpiling it, sort of?  Which, unless I'm being dense, is a novel approach, I'd say.
Well I figured that your password was "Finster."  Your Pomeranian. And it was.  And it's all very interesting, though a bit on the technical side, I mean about how the power plant is a power plant in name only since in fact it's gonna be one big giant...
Why, how industrious.  And how did you open protected files, may I ask?
No, I am.  Yes, I'm boning up for your Bruce Wayne meeting in the morning.  I pulled all the files on the proposed power plant, and Mr. Wayne's hoped-for investment... I've studied up on all of it ... I even opened the protected files and --
Working late?  I'm touched.
The boys need help.
In spirit only, I'm afraid.
Uncle Alfred?
It is the hearts of two good men whom I have had the honor of calling son.  Take it, child.  But I implore you, never open it.  You look so like your mother.
What is it?
Find my brother Wilfred.  Give him This.  I have duties he must fulfill in my stead.  Only family can be trusted.
I have been part of the greatest adventure ever know.  I have found purpose here, and the family I could never have.
I came to give you your freedom, a chance to live the life you choose. The same gift you gave me.
Too late for what, dear child?
I'm sorry.  I was too late.
As I've missed you.  Sleep well, child.
It's good to see you again, Uncle. I've missed you.
I have been trying to reach Wilfred with no success.  As one grows older, one yearns for family.
I guess they don't have fax machines on elephants.
You came to tuck me in.  That's quite a switch.  I am looking for my brother, Wilfred. He is first butler to the Maharajah of Mirajanpore.  But Mirajanpore is a floating court, it travels across India, so Wilfred can be rather difficult to find.
I'm sorry, Uncle, I came to tuck you in.  And...
Oh no, those things frighten me.
You certainly will not.
Eventually she married a young physician.
Uncle Alfred left for America.  Much to my mother's dismay -
Joanna and I were in love in London. But when I realized our age difference was too extreme -
Ten years.  Barbara isn't really me niece, sir. She's Joanna Clark's daughter.
How long has it been, Uncle Alfred?
Rather disappointed at how poorly I taught you proper housekeeping.  And quite well, it seems.  Thanks to you, son.  Thanks to you all.
Alfred, are you...?
It appears, sir, that someone has stolen the batsignal.
What is it?
Passion.  Of course.  Find the photo of Ivy after the flower ball.
Glandular secretions from animals. Scents that create powerful emotions.  Fear.  Rage...
Pheromones?
Advanced botany.  DNA splicing. Recombinant animal plant patterns. Pheromone extractions.
Coming on line now, sir.
Pamela Isley.  I was so attracted to her I couldn't reason clearly.  I still can't.  She used to work for Wayne Enterprises.  Find a file.
Specify, please.
First Ivy had an intoxicating effect on both Dick and me.  Tonight my feelings spread to someone else.
That, sir, does not compute.
Women.
What seems to be the problem?
It's good to see you.
Right here, sir.
Alfred, old friend, I could use your help right now.
Remember this.  And remember it always.  I'm proud of you.  And I love you too, son.
I love you, old man.
Everyone dies, Master Bruce.  There's no defeat in that.  Victory comes in fighting for what we know is right while we still live.
I've spent my whole life trying to beat back death.  What good are all my heroics now if I can't save you?
Yes?
Alfred, if I've never told you...I just want to say...
Not all heroes wear masks.
Attending to heroes?  No sir.  My Only regret is that I was never able to be out there with you.
Have you ever regretted your life working here, Alfred?
I've seen the best doctors--! A gentleman does not discuss his health.  It's not civilized.  I hope I've taught you at least that much, young man.
Alfred, I know you're sick -- I can get you the best doctors.
I am as well as can be expected.
No, my boy.  I'm afraid none of us can.
But I can't can I?
Why, yes, actually.  Death and chance stole your parents.  But rather than become a victim, you have done everything in your power to control the fates.  For what is Batman if not an effort to master the chaos that sweeps our world, an attempt to control death itself.
Alfred, am I pigheaded?  Is it always my way or the highway?
Is there something wrong, sir?
Thanks.
Congratulations on your apprehension of Mr. Freeze.  Batman monopolized the evening news.
Don't be silly, Alfred. After all, she's family.
Oh, but, sir.  So much goes on-
There's a lovely inn just down --
Well, I hope you'll stay with us.
Secrets are a virtual prerequisite in this house, don't you think?
You have?
No apology necessary.  That's the first time in thirty years.
I must have dozed off.  My sincerest apologies, sir.
Despite all your talents, you are still a novice in the ways of family. Dick follows the same ends as you but gets there by his own course.  You must learn to trust him.  For that is the nature of family.
Don't tell me you're on his side. Again.
Perhaps the truth is you don't really trust anyone.
He's over-eager, impulsive.  I can't trust him not to get hurt.
You are going back to school.
Hey, I'm the one who kicked Ivy's botanical butt.  Personally.  Me.  I did.
Sometimes counting on someone else is the only way to win.
I recognized the accent.
Their new computer sciences division.  How did you know?
Oxbridge Academy?
I'm on break from-
Happy.  You honestly don't know, do you? You can't even see what's in front of your own eyes.
Alfred's happy here.
Paying someone to prepare your meals and do your laundry and clean your dishes, you call that family?
Alfred and Bruce are like family.
Servants, Masters, it's  ridiculous. Alfred is the sweetest, most noble man alive and he's subjugated all his life and dreams to someone else.
What are you talking about?
Alfred has supported me my whole life.  Now I'm going to pay him back. I'm going to liberate him from his dismal life of servitude.
Just don't tell me you're hoping to run away and join the circus.
Street racing isn't exactly an acceptable major at Oxbridge.  They kicked me out.  it doesn't matter. I've won enough money to do what I've always dreamed.
You'd be surprised.
I started racing after my parents died.  There was something about the speed, the danger, that took me out of myself, that made the hurt go away.  You wouldn't understand.
I guess, the truth is I'm just not comfortable with the idle rich.  Even when they try to act like heroes.
Hey, what's your problem?
Of course, Dick Grayson, ward of the fabulously wealthy Bruce Wayne. Why would you need a few hundred dollars?
Keep it.
This is to replace the bike I lost. I'll get you the rest.
Whatever you say, lady.  It's all in a day's work for me.
I could have made it, you know.  I didn't need your help.
My parents were killed in an auto accident ten years ago.  Alfred has been supporting me ever since.
Al's main squeeze.  Is she here?  I'm about to scrape the bottom of my shoe off my tongue, right?
I'm so sorry to trouble you, but-
Please be looking for me.
Those targeting mirrors are frozen. The sun beam won't work.
Damn?  Damn is not good.
It'll take the satellites about a minute to re-align, but...damn!
I don't know.  It just feels right.
What exactly are you doing?
Pow!  What!  Kazow!
Be ready for anything.
I'm afraid to ask.
Crimefighter's rule number two.
Why?
Crimefighter's rule number one: never say that.
This is easy.
Batgirl, Baatgirl, Baatgirl.
Youwsa!  Nothing but air.
Divide and conquer.
Alpha.  Got it.  What the hell is attack plan Alpha?
I didn't kill your wife.
Go on, kill me too.  Just as you killed my wife.
I think not.  There'll be no hot time in this old town tonight.  You'll get a charge out of this.
You're loosing your cool
We have eleven minutes to stop Freeze And thaw the city.
Mr. Bane, I'll finish off the city. You, as they say in showbiz, are on.  Take the boys and kill the kids. But bring me the Bat.
Freeze, you're mad.  This capsule will slaughter thousands.
After you have frozen, your icy tomb will plummet back to Gotham.
I hate being lectured.
You were a great scientist once. Don't squander your genius on evil.
Don't make me kill you in front of the girl.
Winded, old timer?
From the other side of the equator-
If we could relay the sunlight-
Maybe he melted.
No sign of the snowman.
Kill her later.  We've got work to do.
I guess we'll just have to kill her.
She knows who we are.
We gotta get those locks changed.
A poison kiss?  You have some real issues with women, you know that?  You just couldn't stand that she was about to kiss me.  Couldn't stand that something might be mine and not yours.  Could you?!
Why is she so desperate to kiss us? I'm betting her lips are poison.
What are you talking about?
Remember the victim at the airport. Toxins introduced through the mouth.
Just the beast.
No beauty...
No.  Her case is too advanced.  But maybe, someday, with more research-
Can he save her?
She's still alive.  He's adapted his freezing technology to reverse McGregor's Syndrome.  He's even found a cure for the early stages of the disease.
Open Sesame...Chicken.
How did you...?
Definitely.
Umm-hmmmm.
Me too.  Great stems, though.
I'm totally over her.  Positively.
Bad, yes.  Guy, no.  This is one majorly beautiful evil person.
I can't believe we were fighting over a  bad guy.
I know.  The feeling just vanished.
She's definitely part of this.  It's weird, for a while Ivy was all I could think about.  But then...
I can make it.
Pull back.  You can't make the jump.
I'll borrow it from you.  Four million - -
You don't have two million.  Three million - -
He'll be here.
You think Freeze will take the bait?
Surf's up.
Watch the first step.
How about, nice to see you?  Glad you're here to save my life.
I thought you were going to stay in the museum and round up the thugs.
I was just hanging around.
No, Robin.  He's going to jail.
Of course.  He's going to steal the giant white diamond.
The new antiquities exhibit.  The Second Sun of the Sudan.
The batcomputer tracks him heading for the Gotham Museum.
Mr. Freeze.
... A giant drilling truck burrowing under the city ...
It's the gear.  Chicks love the gear.
This is all about fashion for you, isn't it?
Nightwing.  Scourge of darkest evil.
Nice suit.  And today you are?
Maybe your witless playboy persona works on every bimbo du jour but I am not the least bit titillated by your attentions.  So back off or I'll have you in court quicker than you can spell sexual harassment.  Got me?
I can't.  But perhaps tonight, over dinner...I've just had an opening.
Physical perfection, charm and wealth tossed over for a dowdy spinster. How do you explain your behavior?
Although the Wayne Foundation is hosting the event, sadly I will be unable to attend.  Thank you all.  Good day, Doctor.
Tell me, billionaire, would you warm faster to my pleas if I looked more like Ms. January here?
People come first, Dr. Isley.
Acceptable losses in a battle to save the planet.
Your intentions are noble, but no diesel fuel for heat.  No coolants to preserve food.  Millions would die of cold and hunger alone.
Forget the stars.  Look here, at the Earth, our mother, our womb.  She deserves our loyalty and protection. And yet you spoil her lands, poison her oceans, blacken her skies. You're killing her.
I have here a proposal showing how Wayne Enterprises can immediately cease all actions that toxify our environment.
That lab was consumed by fire last week.  how did you manage to escape?
I see you knew him.
We cut our support.  A conflict of ideologies.  Dr. Woodrue was a lunatic.
Actually, I already work for you. Or did.  Your arboreal preservation project in South America.
What can I do for you, Doctor?  A research grant?  A hospital wing?
Dr. Pamela Isley.
They're overly protective.  You're Not going to hurt me are you, Ms...
You were right.  I get it.  You're not the marrying kind.  You've made your point.  Goodbye Bruce Wayne.
Well...um...her.
Make a choice, Bruce.  Her or me.
Bruce?  What are you doing?
Dr. Isley.  it was like I could feel you in the room.  You're...enchanting. Gorgeous.  The most beautiful woman I've ever seen.  If you're..um... free...this evening.
I wish I knew.
You just called me Ivy.  Who's Ivy?
What?
Who's Ivy?
I'm betting on you.  You'll make someone a good husband one day. But I can't wait around forever. Don't answer now.  Just think it over.  Here's some food for thought.
I wouldn't bet on that.
But there's nothing you've done under the cover of darkness I couldn't learn to understand.
Wild doesn't exactly cover it.
I know you're a dedicated bachelor. That you've had a your wild nights.
Julie, I'm not the marrying kind. There are things about me you wouldn't understand.
We've been going out over a year now and...Okay, here goes.  Bruce, I want to spend my life with you.
What?  I'm sorry.  You were saying...
You're not even listening to me.
Can I get some help over here?
And?
But soon...
Umm.  What I mean is...no plans at the moment...
No!?
I knew you could handle it.
One question.  When Batgirl and I rolled off the telescope, how come you didn't try and save us? It was the first time I fell and you weren't there to catch me.
You once said to me that being part of a team means trusting your partner.  That sometimes counting on someone else is the only way to win.  DO you remember?
You'd say anything to keep me away from her.  To keep her for yourself.
She wants to kill you.
Is that it, Bruce?  I'm under some magic spell?
She's infected us with some kind of pheromone extract-
And she did it all for me.  For love.
Her name is Pamela Isley.  I saw her talking to Gordon.  She must have stolen his keys, altered the signal-
That's no batlight, it's a birdcall.
Oh but I am.  For the first time in a long time.  I'm through living in your shadow.  All that ends right now.
She's clouded your mind.  You're not thinking straight.
Hail the all-knowing Bruce Wayne. Here's what I know, she loves me, Not you and it's driving you crazy. It's why you stopped us from kissing. Because if you can't have her, nobody can.
Yes!  Yes, I want her so badly I can taste it.  That's the whole point. Look at us.  Orphans.  Isolated. Obsessed to the exclusion of life, love, family.  We're perfect targets. She's done something to us, got us fighting over her somehow.
Or what?  No one can capture Ivy but the big bad Bat.  Crap!  You just want her for yourself.  Don't you?  Answer me, damn it!
Dick, don't push me right now.
Like hell you do.
I'm late for the dedication.  Then I go after Freeze and Ivy.  Alone.
I checked the medical database.  No one else is even close.
Yes.  But Alfred's condition is less severe.  Freeze's research says he cured a case like Alfred's.  It just doesn't say how.
McGregor's Syndrome.  That's what Freeze's wife had.
I'm scared, Dick.  Maybe for the first time in my life.  I'm really scared.
Talk to him, Bruce.  There's nothing worse than losing someone without telling them how you feel.
You know Alfred.  He'd never say Anything.  But I can tell.  Until you came along, Alfred was the only family I ever had.  Without him, I don't know how I would have survived.  He saved my life, Dick.  And I've never told him.
But he's never said a word-
He's dying.  And I can't deal with it.
Anybody want to tell us kids in the cheap seats who Joanna Clark is?
Of course.  Alfred still keeps your mother's picture in his room.
You left your back wide open.  Freeze could have killed you.
I got the diamond.  Quell problemo, Bruce?
I'm fine.  See.  Me.  here.  Alive. How are we gonna work together if you're never going to trust me?
Dick, you were reckless.  You could have been killed.
Whoa, I made a mistake.  I'm sorry. Don't go all protective on me.  It won't happen again.
Absolutely.  Just as soon as you take ten hours training in the simulator.
We gonna trap ourselves a snowman?
I need the Wayne Diamonds.
<		Maybe it's something in the water.
Let me get this straight. A brilliant citizen, disfigured by a horrible accident, re-emerges as a psychotic super-villain bent on theft, revenge and destruction. You see a pattern here?
He needs extreme cold to survive. His cryo-suit uses diamond enhanced lasers to keep him at zero degrees.
Presumed dead.  No one knows.
What happened to his wife?
Somehow he survived.  But the cryoslution mutated his body.
That's gotta hurt.
Not good.
Prepare for a bitter harvest. Winter has come at last.
I'm hungry.  I think I'll have poultry.
Inspired, Ms. Ivy.
The way to a boy's heart is through his ego.  What strapping young hero could resist his very own...signal?
One kiss and you could lift the mask from his lifeless face.  Their secret identities would be revealed.  But how best to bait a brid?
As a team, the duncely duo protect each other.  But the Robin is young. Impetuous.  If I could get him alone-
That is far too merciful.  Batman will watch his beloved Gotham perish, then I will kill him.
Can't we just ice them along with the rest of the citizenry?
You will distract the bat and bird while I prepare to freeze Gotham.
Adam and Evil.
I have created a race of plants with the strength of the deadliest animals.  Once you have frozen mankind, my mutants will overrun the globe.  The Earth will become a brave new world of only plants. And we shall rule them.  For we will be the only two people left in the world.
Just what I had in mind.  Everything dead on Earth except us.  A chance for mother nature to start again.  Plants and flowers are the oldest species on the planet yet they are defenseless against man.  Sorry hon, this is for science.  Behold the dawn of a new age.
Yes.  I shall replay the world for sentencing me to a life without the warmth of human comfort.  I will blanket the city in endless winter. First Gotham and then the world.
Kill them.  Of course.  But why stop there?  Why should only Batman and Robin die while the society that created them goes unpunished?
Their bones will turn to ice.  Their blood will freeze in my hands.
You lie!
There was nothing I could do.  Batman deactivated her.  She's dead.
Where is my wife?
Make yourself right at home.
OK, OK.  Ms. Ivy to the rescue.  Now where do I find your brittle bride?
You will rescue my wife
Hold it.  You never said anything about a wife, frozen or otherwise-
Fine.  While I retrieve my diamonds, you and meatloaf will bring my wife to your lair.  She's frozen in -
Trust me.  Vegetable magnetism.
You leave Batman and Robin to me.
In my weakened state I am no match for the bat and the bird.
You are looking unseasonably hot. Let's go inside and grab your rocks.
My reserves are exhausted.  I must have the gems that power my suit.
Dear daisy, don't despair.
I wonder if I can get a cell with a view of the gardens?
No gun.  How disarming.
I always go a size smaller.  Makes me look slimmer.
I love that belt.  What are you, about a fifty Big and Tall?
Let's cool it for now.  There's someone I want you to meet.
An enticing offer.  But what does the lady want in return?
Well, I, my most unabominable snowman, have been impressed by you. In fact I propose a pairing.  So I'm here to set you free.
Impressive
I'd love to stand here all day and exchange fashion tips but I'm kind of pressed for time.  So hand over the diamond, Garden Gal, or I turn you into mulch.
Listen, Captain Cold, the suit, maybe, even though silver went out in the 70's.  But those boots are unforgivable. What is it with men?
Let me guess, Plant Girl? Vine Lady? Ms. Moss?
Hop away little bunny.  Before I cool your jets.  Permanently.
Forget your frosty femme.  These lips are wet and ready to get frostbite.
You're skating on thin ice.  My passion thaws for my bride alone.
What say we turn up the heat?
To be frozen.  To never change.  A life of perpetual ice-olation. There is little perfection in that.
Okay, my hair is brittle, my skin is dry and I don't care.  I'd weather blizzards to have you. You're the most perfect man I've ever known.
I find that unlikely.
Freezy, I'm feeling...hot.
Sorry to disappoint you.  But rubber lips are immune to your charms.
You're too late.  Say bye-bye birdie.
Love you?  I loathe your bipedal arrogance, your animal superiority. My only joy is knowing that even now my poison kiss is sucking the life from your ape-like face.
Then you never loved me?
You should have heeded your pointy- eared pal.  These lips can be murder.
What do you mean?
Bad luck, I'm afraid.  It's time to die, little bird.
One kiss, my love.  For luck.
I've got to stop him.
Freeze has turned the new telescope into a freezing gun.  He's about to turn Gotham into an ice cube.
Tell me and I'll kiss you.
Kiss me and I'll tell you.
Of trust. Tell me your plan.
How about dangerous curves?
I want us to be together.  But I need to know you're serious about turning over a new leaf.  I need a sign.
I'm glad you came.  I can't breathe without you.
At you?  Polly want a kiss?
Give it up.  If you threw yourself-
Hello, Jason.  I think I've had a change of heart.
Dr. Isley?  Pamela?  You look great. Especially for a dead woman.
Well, I can respect your opinion.
Join you?  I've spent my life trying to protect plants from extinction and now you corrupt my research into some maniacal scheme for world domination. When I get through you won't be able to get a job teaching high school chemistry, do you hear me, you psycho?
Without your research, I could never have come this far.  Join me.  The two of us, entwined, side by side...
Our work?
...Our original sponsor had no stomach for military applications. he cut the funding for our work -
You must show me your secrets, blossom, before I show you mine.
You have to tell me what you're doing with my Venom.
What exactly are you working on in there?  What are those screams?
What do we have here?  A lovely new supply of Venom.  I'll just take this to my laboratory for further study.
Tonight's a good night.
All except the prototype with the sonar modifications you so disapprove of. But it hasn't yet been tested.
Claw Island. Nygma's headquarters. I'm sure that's where they're keeping Chase.  Are all the Batsuits destroyed?
What now sir?
Exactly. Mr. E. Mister Edward Nygma.
Enigma.
And another name for Mystery?
Mystery.
How about, MR. E.
Of course. 13 is M....MRE.
Letters in the alphabet.
Precisely. So this number is probably some kind of calling card.
Recognition, of course.
What do maniacs always want?
But 1, 3, 1, 8, & 5. What do they mean?
All the answers are numbers.
...Batman, Alfred. I'm Batman.
Master, Bruce?
No demons, son.  Your monsters are here. Until you fact that, I fear you will spend your life fleeing them.
I remember a bat. A monster. A demon. Chasing me.  Oh my God, Alfred.
What?
...A bat.
Bruce. Son. Listen to me. You are a kind man. A strong man. But in truth you are not the most sane man.
...Afraid.
What?
There's one other thing. I feel..
Perhaps the fall...
I'm Batman? I remember my life as Bruce Wayne.  But all this. It's like the life of a stranger.
Dick has run away. They have taken Dr. Meridian. And I'm afraid they found the cave, sir. It's been destroyed.
As well as can be expected, I guess. Give me the bad news.
Old habits die hard. Are you alright?
Not that young. It's been a long time since you've called me that.
How are you feeling, young man?
How? As Batman, knowing she wants me? Or as Bruce Wayne and hope...?
Perhaps. Perhaps not. Why not ask the lady?
She's the first woman in a long time that's... No. She's the first woman ever. And she loves Batman. Not Bruce Wayne. If I let go of Batman I'll lose her.
Dr. Meridian...
Could I let Batman go? For Dick. For me. Could I leave the shadows? Have a life. Friends. Family...
Why, indeed?
Why do I keep doing this?
Jack Napier's dead. My parents are avenged. The Wayne Foundation contributes a small fortune to police and crime prevention programs.
Which `they' might that be, sir?
Maybe they're right.
I shall be near at hand. Should you need me. And sir, I know it's difficult but try and have a good time.
Too much wealth. Too fast. Half of Gotham zombied-out. A technology that self destructs. He's protecting more than industrial secrets, Alfred.
_No_, sir. _The_ _other_ _car_!
The _Rolls_?
Not the Jaguar. The _other_ car.
He boosted the Jag?  Is that all?
Actually, he took the car.
He ran away?
I'm afraid Master Dick has... gone traveling.
Is he all right?
Sorry to bother you, sir. I have some rather distressing news about Master Dick.
Don't be ridiculous.
No. You said I. I killed them.
He killed them. Two-Face. He slaughtered that boy's parents.
What did you say?
It's happening again. Just like my parents. A monster comes out of the night. A scream. Two gunshots. I killed them.
Take any three you like. After you get settled we can...
Ninety-three, including the sauna.
Gee, I'm not sure.  Alfred? How many rooms? Total?
I remember the bat, though. His scream. Those eyes. i was sure the fear would kill me.  In time I came to believe that if I became a monster, that if I was feared, I wouldn't be scared anymore. I was wrong.  They think I became Batman to fight crime. I became Batman to fight the fear. And instead I became the fear.
I don't know, sir. Your dear parents.  Suddenly gone. So much loss...
...The night Batman was born.  What was I doing in the fields that night, Alfred? What sent me running out into that storm? I keep dreaming about it but I just can't remember.
Your parents' wake. Rain fell like tears.
Do you remember the night I fell into that cave and the bat chased me?
Apology hastily retracted.
I wonder if she'd go out with me.
If I misinterpreted your interest in the lady, I humbly apologize--
She has an excellent mind.
Scholarly research?
I believe you said the same thing about the Batmobile.
It'll never work.
A few hitches sir, but I'm confident we'll have a prototype in no time.
How's the sonar coming, Alfred?
Hardly a worry, sir.
Then you'd have nothing to complain about.
...Would it be a terrible imposition to ask you to take better care of your equipment?
It's a wonder you sleep at all.
I think they're getting worse.
The dreams again, sir?
Four seconds from...
Just checking, young sir.
Up here, Al.
Master Wayne's dead wives.
How come this is the only locked door around this museum? What's back there?
May I help you, Master Grayson?
Big house. How many rooms?
Al?
How ya doin', Al?
Welcome, Master Grayson. I'm Alfred.
Did Two-Face call him Bruce?
Help Chase. I'll be back.
Maybe you just haven't met the right woman...
I haven't had much luck with women...
You like strong women. I've done my homework. Or do I need skin-tight vinyl and a whip?
You are direct, aren't you?
We could give it a try. I'll bring the wine, you bring the scarred psyche.
I'm not the kind of guy who blends in at a family picnic.
My life's an open book. You read?
We all wear masks.
I don't mind the work. Pity I can't see behind the mask.
Try a fireman. Less to take off.
Now black rubber.
What is it about the wrong kind of man? In grade school it was guys with earrings. College, motorcycles and leather jackets.
It's the car, right? Chicks love the car.
A girl cannot live by psychoses alone.
Are you trying to get under my cape, Doctor?
I wish I could say my interest in you was purely professional...
Last night at the circus. I noticed something about Dent. His coin. He's obsessed with justice. It's his Achilles' heel. It can be exploited.
What's wrong?
He's home. I sent the signal.
I didn't know that. See? You _are_ interesting. And call me Chase. By the way, do you have a first name? Or do I just call you bats?
Bats aren't rodents, Dr. Meridian.
Let's just say I could write a hell of a paper on a grown man who dresses like a flying rodent.
Why's that?
I'm flattered. Not every girl makes a super-hero's night table.  You might have some interesting insights into Two-Face.
...dual personalities. Abnormal psychology. Washington's poster child for the criminally insane. I read your work.
And you are?
_Two_ million dollars waiting to be transferred from the _Second_ Bank of Gotham on the _22nd_ How could Harvey? _Two_-Face resist?
Exactly!
Oh please. You're blind as a bat.
I see without seeing. To me, darkness is as clear as daylight. What am I?
For _me_? Really? Tell me.
Wait. I have a riddle for you.
Excellent. See. Who says a guy in a rubber suit can't be smart? Well, it's been grand. Sorry you all have to die now.
Death.  Death. Without taste, sound and all around us.  Because there is no way for me to save them or myself. This is one giant death trap.
No more tricks, Edward. Release Chase and Dick. This is between you and me.
Welcome to my parlor said the Riddler to the Bat. How's tricks?
Actually, I like to divest just before a major re-capitalization.
I notice you've sub-divided your B coupons. Feeling a little light on principle?
Banzai.
Rinka.
Slanta.
La'chiem.
Nostrovia.
No grape could be more intoxicating than you, my dear. But we make due. To your charms.  Skol.
Gracious even in defeat. How vaguely disappointing. When all this could have been ours together.
What? Oh, it's very impressive.
The press were just wondering what it feels like to be outsold, outclassed, and generally outdone in every way...  And what light through yonder window breaks? `Tis the east. And you are...
What? Oh, Edward. Hi. Congratulations. Great party-
So glad you could come.
No. Don't leave me! My invention! I need you!
We'll talk some other -
Wait. You can't go.
Call my secretary, she'll set something up.  Factory looks great, folks.  Keep up the good work.
Precisely. What's on all our minds? Brainwaves. The future of Wayne Enterprises is Brainwaves!
Mr. Nygma, you'll forgive me for being rude. But what exactly is on your mind?
What? Ah yes. Of course. I'm sorry. It's just that...you're my idol.  And some people have been trying to keep us apart.
I'm gonna need that hand back, Ed.
Nygma. Edward Nygma. You hired me. Personally. Just like I tell everyone.  Well, we've never actually met, but your name was on the hire slip.
Um...I'm pretty sure I'm Bruce Wayne. And you are?
Bruce Wayne. In the flesh.
Mr...?
Chase. There's something I need to tell you--
What are you talking about?
I always thought it was the bat that scared me that night that changed my life. But it wasn't. The real fear was hiding underneath: what I read in the journal, that my parents' deaths were my fault. That's what I couldn't remember. That's the crime I've been paying for all these years.
What?
...Not the bat?
Oh God, Bruce, you were a child. You weren't responsible.
The last entry read, Bruce insists on seeing a movie tonight.  Bruce insists. I made them go out. I made them take me to the movie. To that theater...  It was my fault. I killed them.
You do know. Try.
I don't-.
What does it say? What hurts so much, Bruce? What does the book say?
My parents are laid out in the library. Their skin smells like talcum powder. I'm so small. My father's diary is on his desk like always. I'm opening the book. Reading. I'm running out into the storm. The book is in my hands. I can't hear my screams over the rain. I'm falling...
Stop fighting.
I don't want to remember!
Your memories are repressed. They're trying to break through. Relax. Try to remember-.
Okay, tiger, take it slow. You going to give me your pin or something?
There's something I want to talk with you about. It's...Well, we.. I...
Excuse me, boys. I'd hate to stop this testosterone flood on my account-
And the beast slouches towards Bethelem.
Spare me the diagnosis, okay? You're being ridiculous. I can't be jealous of Batman.  Can I?
Oh God, Bruce. You're still jealous.
So how goes your `scholarly' pursuit of Batman?
Touchy, touchy.
Keep me off the couch, Doc. Your fees are a little rich for me.
If I didn't know better, I'd say you were sulking.
Rage. Anger. Passion. Pain.
In a sense we are all two people. The side we show in daylight. And that side we keep in shadow.
You want me close but you won't let me near. What's the terrible, dark secret you're protecting everyone from?
I'm not-
Throw up that ridiculous superficial mask. If you're jealous...
What?
Why do you do that?
What do you want me to say? That I'm not attracted to him?
I'd say this goes a little beyond taking your work home.
Come on, Bruce. This is what I do for a living.
Why do I feel like the other man, here?
Find anything interesting?
They've changed. The dreams, I mean. There's a new element I don't understand. A book. Black. Covered in leather....
And now....
A lot of what happened is jagged. Pieces missing. I can't really remember. I just get flashes. Usually in my dreams. I'd kind of gotten used to them. At least accepted them....
Sorry. I haven't even had time to unpack. Instant coffee okay?
The style of the letters I'm getting matches those found at the crime sites. Why would The Riddler be sending me riddles?  Who's your decorator? U-Haul?
I said I'm sure he did.
What?
He sure did.
You could say he kind of dropped out of the sky and bang-. I think he felt it too.
Fast work. You just moved here.
Well, I met someone...
But...
Bruce, much to my surprise, you seem like a really great guy...
Look, I'm rock climbing Sunday. How about coming along?
Don't believe it. I'm just skin deep.
The glib, cavalier routine, it really is an act, isn't it?
Me? I'm easy. Especially after a couple of martinis.
I don't get you Bruce Wayne.
That kid is amazing.
What? This isn't normal?
Like normal folks.
I'm sorry. Who are you?
I'm surprised you aren't blind by now.
And into a black dress.
Excuse me.
But I'm going to have to get you out of those clothes.
Would you? I'm not so sure.
Look, I'd love to keep chatting-
That's usually my line.
No insights here, doc. Just trying to get comfortable on your couch.  Oops. Times up.
You understand obsession better than you let on.
To kill me.
The letter writer is obsessed with you. His only escape may be...
It's a stretch but I'll manage.
Not much.
What do you know about obsession?
So, this Riddler, he's dangerous?
I think the question would be, do you have a thing for bats?
Exactly.
So what you're saying, this guy's a total wacko, right?
Patient apparently suffers from acute obsessional syndrome with potential homicidal styles. Work better for you?
Wacko? That a technical term?
My opinion. This letter writer is a total wacko.
Me? No. Only things that need calming in my dreams are the Rockettes.
She's a Malaysian dream warden. She stands sentry while you sleep and calms your dreams.  Need one?
Still play with dolls, Doctor?
On occasion. Usually at night.
The infamous Wayne charm. Does it ever shut off?
Just ones this beautiful.
Psychiatrists make you nervous?
Somebody's been sending me love letters. Commissioner Gordon thought you might give me your expert opinion.
How can I help you, Mr. Wayne?
Chase is coming for dinner. Why don't you join us.
Bruce, you can't.
Exactly. And once you'd killed him you'd be lost. Like me.  All this has to be a choice. Otherwise...it's a curse.
And when you finally get Two-Face?
But what about all the good we can do? There are monsters out there. Gotham needs us.
Dick, let go. Revenge will eat you alive. Trust me. I know.
You can't-.
I saved your life. You owe me. So either you let me be your partner or I'm going after Harvey on my own.
We don't kill. Killing is what damns you. It-. What am I talking about? This conversation is over. You're going away to school.
...I missed Two-Face by a heartbeat. When we catch him, you gotta let me kill him!
How about Richard Grayson, college student?
You have a real gratitude problem. You know that, Bruce? I need a name. Batboy? The Dark Earl? What's a good side kick name?
What the hell did you think you were doing?
Save the sermons about how great you want my life to be, okay, Bruce? If it weren't for Batman my parents wouldn't be dead. You don't get it, do you? This is all your fault.
You don't understand. It's an addiction. You fight night after night, trying to fill the emptiness. But the pain's back in the morning. And somewhere along the way it stops being a choice.  I want better for you.
Back off, man.
What I do isn't about revenge.
Me and my brother Chris were putting money aside so our folks could retire. Dad's knee was going. Chris was engaged, you know that? Two-Face took...everything. Now I can pay him back.
Absolutely not.
I need to be part of this.
Look, spare me the sermons, okay. You're just some rich guy who is trying to do a good deed. You don't even know me.
Listen, Dick. Killing Two-Face won't take the pain away. It'll make it worse.
I got no place at the circus without my family. I'm going to get a fix on Two-Face. Then I'm going to kill him.
Where will you go? The circus is halfway to Metropolis by now.
I figure telling that cop I'd stay here saved me a truckload of social service interviews and good will. So no offense but thanks. See ya.
Excuse me.
Okay. I'm outta here.
You're right, Edward. I didn't mean to be impolite. Please.
Can't tell if you don't say please.
Who is The Batman, Edward?
Yesssssss. I know!
Dr. Burton tells me you know who Batman is.
How could I forget?
It's Dr. Meridian. Chase. Do you remember me?
Who is it?
Edward...
Of course you are. And what a grand pursuit you must be.  What do you think of my new invention?
Chase?
I don't think so.
...Fired...your fired...your fired. You understand?! Fired!!
Yo. Charlie. Gimmie an order of brain deep-fry. Extra well done. Hold the neurons.  Patient exhibits symptoms of psycho neural overload. Notation: obviously higher settings can be dangerous to the subject.  Riddle me this, Fred. What is everything to someone and nothing to everyone else? Your mind of course. And now mine pumps with the power of yours.  New from Brain-bok. Da pump. Think faster. Reason higher. Out-cog-nate every homey on the court of life. Da pump. Yeah.  Ho! Mark. I sense an odd penchant for the anagramatic. The acrostic. The crypto-graphic. What doth this bode? Answer me Marcutio, you little runt.  Fred, I must confess you were a wonderful appetizer. Simply divine. But now I yearn for a meal of substance. The main course. A wide and varied palette. Ah, to taste the mind of a hero. A nobleman. A poet.  A chick in a short skirt wouldn't be so bad either.
What the hell is going on here?
I'll show you it works.
Fred?
Hell. Might even bring old Stickley here a few extra bucks. Huh, Fred?
...The Box can change their lives.  Our stock coupons will spike.
Paranoid? The psychotic?
Why be brutalized by an uncaring world? My RES Box will give Joe Q Public a realm where he is king.  Not that someone like you would need it. Someone so intelligent. Witty. Charming. But for the lonely, the...
Let me ask you something, Bruce. What is man's greatest tool?
I really do apologize, Mr. Wayne. His project was terminated this morning...
Never heard of a double-cross?
Wait! You said you'd let me go!
Just call us Harvey. Can we get you a sandwich? A soft drink? Given all the trouble we caused you, how about we cut you in for a share of tonight's haul?
Uh, yeah. Thanks, Mr..uh...Face.
That floor has got to be very hard. Is that better?
The coin _wants_ to decide.
Please. I swear I won't say noth-
...or death.
What say we flip for it?
I got family. ...Please.
Might. Might not. Could say we're of two minds on the subject.
...You gonna kill me?
_We_ sure are.
You sunk my battleship.
A hit.
A miss. And my favorite vitamin, I might add.
B-12.
Miss.
A-14.
Oh yes, and certainly _WE_ will!
We want to dust him. We truly want to dust him bad.
You're a genius.
Go ahead. You can say it.
Kill me? Well, alright. Go ahead. Take the empire. All yours.  Hell, Harv, old pals. I'll kill me for you.
Why do we need you? You only come between us. We can be the smartest person in Gotham City. We want the empire for ourselves. Time's up, laughing boy.
Everything.
About what?
Oh my God. Jim Morrison was right.
Don't bogart that 'trode.
Not until you do that thing I like.  On se tue pour des mesnonges. J'ai gache ma vie...  Woah. Harsh toke.
Haven't you had enough? Don't Think And Drive.
Sure, E = MC squared. Until you factor in more than three dimensions. Then... Damn. Hit us again.
Here. Get a good seat.
Where are you sending Batboy this time?
Addictive isn't it? Just Say No. Until I say yes. A little fringe benefit of working with me. Now here's the concept, counselor. Crime. My I.Q., your AK-47. You help me gather production capital so I can produce enough of these  to create an empire that will eclipse Bruce Wayne's forever. And, in return I will help you solve the greatest riddle of all. Who is Batman?
No.  Wait...
So not everyone can be a poet. Still, I respect the sentiment.
Holy shit.
Let's see if you bleed green.
Harvey. You need me. Since you've gotten out of Arkham, you've managed, what? To bungle stealing a safe? Wreck a statue? And, correct me if I'm wrong here, but weren't you outsmarted by an acned acrobat at the circus?
A man with a death wish.
Yet so bright and chipper and conservative!  It's so you.  And yet so _you_!  Very few people are both a summer _and_ a winter. But you pull it off nicely.
Congratulations. You get to die on the dean's list.
You _are_ Two-Face, you would need to face both rivers, both uptown and downtown simultaneously. Only one spot in Gotham serves these bi- zonal, bi-coastal needs...
How'd you find us?
Actually, I wanted to talk to Batman. Pass that on to Mr. Wayne, would you?
Mr. Wayne is out for the day.
Alexander Knox. Gotham Globe.
Yes?
The small one.
Which bathroom is that, sir?
You know, if you cut your bathroom in half, you'd have my apartment.
I'd say about thirty feet, sir.
How high up would you say that is?
If not for you I never would've made it. You know that. My own parents couldn't have...  ... The boy, Alfred. You'll both be provided for. Don't let all this got to waste.
Don't ever say that, sir. Don't ever believe it.
How long's it been, Alfred? A quarter of a century?  It seems like yesterday. I guess we ended up doing more harm than good.
Respectfully, sir... there'll never be another one like you.
I know the feeling. It won't last.  He's a long way ahead of where I was at his age.
Upstairs. He's quite docile.
Where's the boy?
... Very good, sir.
It's all right, Alfred. Everything's under control.
Thank you, Alfred.  I hope you'll excuse me.  It was a great pleasure meeting you.  And you.
Excuse me, sir.  Commissioner Gordon was compelled to leave - -very unexpectedly.  He asked me to convey his regrets.
Bruce, we're both murderers. Think how many people you've killed by letting me live.
... Murderer...
You know, we should've sat down and had us a little heart-to-heart. I bet we would have got on famously.
Batman! Don't you even recognize your old pal Jack? After all...  ... You made me what I am today.
What are you talking about?
Gosh, I could kill you, but then you'd miss my party. And you, Batman -- you're the guest of honor!
Take me. Let the boy go.
Like your boyfriend. He's kinda hot.
I had to save you, Vicki. I --  -- Please trust me.
You could've killed him, you know. You could've killed the Joker.
Is this what you wanted?
If you don't mind my asking... Who's close to you?
I don't want to jeopardize anyone close to me.
I just can't absorb it all. This place, the equipment. What it must have cost.  Why all the secrecy? Why do you wear the mask?
No. Every product contains one component. The elements react in combination. Hair spray won't do it. But hair spray and perfume and lipstick will.  Untraceable. It's very elegant.
That can't be right. That would mean every shipment of every product is poisoned. We'd all be dead.
They've got it all wrong. They're watching the warehouses, the loading docks, looking for a tamperer. The Joker is supplying tainted ingredients at the source.
Photo database. I'll do your photos now.
What is that?
So did I, once. But I kept coming back, and... I guess I became the thing I feared most.
I loathe bats.
They don't come down here. They're afraid of the lights.
Exploring. In the woods. Many years ago. -- I was a solitary child.
How'd you find this place?
That's why I wear a target on my chest.
It doesn't protect your head, though.
Better. It's not on the market yet.
What is this stuff? Kevlar?
Well, I've certainly enjoyed it. -- What's that?
Quite a while. I took the scenic route.
... How long have I been out?
... Where are you taking me?
Thank you, Vicki.
I'll take you with me.
How do I know you won't keep them all?
All right, I'll develop the photos. Anything I don't want is yours.
Look, I appreciate what you did for me. But this is my job. And I'm keeping those pictures.
The Joker is a murderer. And you were as good as dead. So --
I won't let you have it.
Please.
I just wanted to distract them. I wasn't trying to get a picture of you.
I'll have to ask you for that film.
Well -- I think you might consider
...Not even a 'thank you'?
... A hundred and eight?
How much do you weigh?
Too many people. Come on!  SHIELDS!!
Can't we --
He won't kill her. -- GODDAMMIT!
What about the girl?
Shouldn't we --
I know. I called them.
Look! Police!
WHICH CAR?
GET IN THE CAR!!
Alfred, bring something for Mr. Knox -- I'll have one, too.
Yeah, a drink. 'Civilized,' right?
Do you want a drink?
Because I...  ... Because she'd never speak to me again.
Tell me, Knox. If you've got the story, why haven't you printed it?
See, I don't know how it happened... she's a smart girl and you are an extraordinary screwed-up guy... but she's in love with you.
Then stay away from Vicki. That's all I want, man. I just want your word.
I can't do that. Not while the Joker's still at large.
I want you to hang up the suit. And I want you to stay away from Vicki.
What is it you want?
That's how it is, chum. One column - and I can bring all this tumbling down. I can take you off the streets for good.
You're just back from Corto Maltese.  I saw your combat photos.  Quite a departure for you.
"This is Miss Vale." -- That felt redundant.
I might consider it if you introduce me to Miss Vale.
Great.  Give me a grant.
Bruce Wayne.  -- I've read your work.  I quite like it.
I assume in my usual charming manner I've just insulted the host.  Alexander Knox.
Vicki. Do you love half of me? Or all of me?
I don't, but... I do. It's just... I love you, Bruce. I don't want you to...
Ohhhh... You don't mean that.
I don't know why I'm doing this. I half wish you'd stay a cripple.
In all these years... Why couldn't I see how it wold turn out?
I'm frightened of you, Bruce. I'm frightened for you.
All this apparatus, Vicki... This house, and the money, and the power ... It was never mine. It was something I inherited. Bruce Wayne was something I inherited.  All I ever hoped for was someone who could see through Bruce -- who could see me -- and not be frightened.
Hang on. I have to leave a message.
What now?
Got it!
I've had an automatic tracer on this number ever since he tracked you to the museum.
How can you do that if she's already off the line?
Finding out where she is.
I'm sorry, she hung up. What are --
... Where are you calling from?
Keep her on the line!
The does it. It's going to be this weekend.
"It worked for Van Gogh. Let's kiss and make up."
I feel naked without it.
Oh, Bruce. Don't tell me you carry it around with you.
Very thoughtful. Don't touch it.
It's like the last time. He sent me a present before he --
Sometimes... I don't know if there's enough of me left to save.
Bruce, at the rate you're going, you can't even save yourself.
What if I could save a handful? -- What if I could save one?
You're one man. You can't save everybody.
Money makes money, Vicki. The foundation runs itself -- I'm extraneous to the process.
I don't understand it. You can do so much good for people. As Bruce Wayne.
No one would miss me.
So we just pretend none of this ever happened. We never met. We --  -- You're going to get yourself killed, Bruce. You know that, don't you?
I'm serious, Bruce. We have to -- !
Who's this 'Bruce'? Are you trying to make me jealous?
... I know it's you, Bruce. I'm not going to talk to you unless we can discuss it...
Vicki?... This is Batman. I thought I'd call and see how you're doing.
I wish you'd...
I realize... the way things have gone between us...  ... I wish you'd reconsider.
Well, Bruce -- I don't think -- that would be possible.
I'm sorry I had to stand you up today. I'd like to make it up to you.
Yes, Bruce -- I'm here --
I know it's late. I -- Are you there?
... Looks like a convention.
All street mimes should be executed.
Mm-hmm.  Lunch.  Not even dinner.
I said I'd call you the minute I got free.  And I did -- And here we are.
To tell you the truth, I'd just about given up waiting.
Then there's one thing in the world you don't do very well. And I know what it is -- Now you'll have to kill me.
I don't sing very well.
... We could try that.
Maybe we should just kiss.
God.  You would.  Come on, Bruce.  I just want to get two drinks in you.  As an experiment.
I'll take you home if you'd like.
But it's not fair.  I'm half drunk and you're not even --
Vicki, if I say anything cryptic, or... ambiguous, I think you should put the most flattering possible interpretation on it.  Because even if it doesn't sound that way... that's how I'll mean it.
I'm sorry, Bruce, I Just can't seem to get a handle on this conversation.
I see.  If I know how you really feel, I won't like you as much.
As much as I do.  It's not that.  I don't want to be depressing, that's all.
In other words, what right do I have to talk about terror.
Bruce, really, when I say these things I don't mean to criticize you.
Well, Bruce, some types are a little more obvious than others.
There's terror everywhere.  If you train yourself to look for it.
... Terror.
What did you see?
Well.  A couple of years ago when their president was requesting aid I went down there for Newsweek. The beaches were nice.  And at nights -- they had a band -- I danced on the hotel patio.  Of course I never saw what was really happening there. When the war broke out I had to go back. And I promised myself that this time... I wouldn't look away.
Odd desire for anyone.
Neither had I.  Odd desire for a woman, I guess.
No.
That's a tough one.  Have you ever seen combat?
Two drinks and I start swinging from the rooftops.  Look, I bore myself silly.  Let's talk about you. How the hell did you wind up in Corto Maltese?
Too much work.  I'm not really the physical type -- Thank you, Alfred.
Do you sail?
Good.  With any luck we'll run into each other.
As far as I know.
I don't... seek publicity -- Will you be staying in Gotham for a while?
I don't know. I'm just a D.A. I don't have access to all you expert sources.
Do you still think the Joker cares about money??
We've told him we'll deal. What could he possible have to gain by --
Then for God's sake, Harvey, cancel the anniversary celebration.
Good. A bomb. On a blind tip from Bruce Wayne -- We do have laws.
I suggest a nice big bomb.
All right, Bruce, what do you suggest?
He'll be ready when you do. Remember what happened at the apartment.
We'll raid the Ace the moment we get a warrant.
It's a detour. They're backed up for blocks!
MOVE! Can't you do something??
They'll be sorry. They'll be sorry. MOVE OUT!
Boss! Jesus! They've --
WHAT??
SOMEBODY'S KILLED THE --
WHAT?
SOMEBODY'S KILLED THE POWER!!
Take 'em! I want his head!
We got 'em!
About how pretty you are, pretty boy.  Maybe he'd like to know --
What are you talking about?
Got it all figured, huh?  Grissom just sits back and hands you the reins.  -- Maybe he don't know what we know.
Why, Eckhardt.  You should be thinking about the future.
I answer to Grissom, punk.  Not to you.
Eckhardt... our problems are your problems.
I'm on top of it.  If there's a problem --
Don't let your job interfere with your business.  -- Someone's been talking to Harvey Dent.
Sorry.  We had another bat sighting.
I missed you, Lieutenant.
Do you want this money or don't you?  Now shut up!  Shut up --
You shouldn'ta turned the gun on that kid, man.  You shouldn'ta --
No wonder you're such a chickenshit.  Now shut up.  There ain't no bat.
My brother's a priest, man.
God!  How old are you?  There ain't no bat.
There was no blood, man.  My brother says... all the bad things you done... they come back and haunt you...
No shit.  It was all over the pavement.
Five stories, straight down. There was no blood in the body.
Gimme a break, will you?  Shut up.
That ain't what I heard.  That ain't what I heard at all.  I heard the bat got him.
Look, Johnny Gobs got ripped and walked off a roof, all right?  No big loss.
I dunno, man.  After what happened to Johnny Gobs - -
What are you, scared of heights?
Let's beat it, man.  I don't like it up here.
HA!  That's the best part. I CAN'T!!
Jack - - please - - WIPE THAT LUNATIC GRIN OFF YOUR FACE.
JACK?  JACK?  DO I LOOK LIKE A JACK?
Jack, listen -- we'll cut a deal --
I've died once already.  It wasn't so bad -- In fact I recommend it.
It's not the girl, Jack.  Sooner or later you would've tried to take me.  You may get me now, but your life won't be worth a dime.
Is that what you "heard"?
Jack?  Thank God.  I can't believe it's you.  I heard you'd been --
It's me.  "Sugar Bumps."
Oh, Jack.  -- Don't forget your lucky deck.
I understand.
Because I want someone I can trust.
Why do you need me to handle a simple break-in?
Very good idea, Jack.  In fact --  -- I'd like you to handle this operation personally.
Okay, a break-in.  Trash the office, make off with the books ... "Industrial espionage."
That's it.
That's it?
Nobody wants a war, Carmine.  If we can't do business, we shake hands and part friends.
And what happens if we say no?
I've considered that possibility.
I don't like taking orders from Grissom. And I especially don't like taking orders from Grissom's goon.
Goddammit, I expect to be treated like and ARTIST. GET OFF MY SCREEN!!
Please! We'll talk. Just tell us what you expect.
Ten million dollars. Ten mi -- YOU CHEAPSKATES! I've just wiped out the stock market. I've cost you billions!  I want ten million and one.
All right, then. Here's the deal. Total amnesty... and the sum of ten million dollars, payable in --
Huh. Demands. Well, gents, this is kinda embarrassing, but... I'm having such a swell time, I just haven't thought any up.
I'd like to read a prepared statement. 'While this administration remains vehemently opposed to terrorism in any form, we are prepared to negotiate any reasonable demands which will guarantee the safety of the populace.'
Joker here. Can we talk?
Miss Vale, was it something I said?  Do you want to sniff my flower?
I'll see you burn.  I'll see you dead -- GET AWAY FROM ME!!
What?  I improved her a little...
You SCUM!  You SICK FILTH!... You DID THAT to her!
Alicia!  Come here, have a seat.  Show Miss Vale why you wear the mask.
... Why the mask?
Strong stomach, huh?  I like that in a woman -- Maybe we can do business after all.
I've seen worse.  Much worse.
... Behind the makeup?
Maybe we should start with a portrait of the artist.  People might like to see the face behind the makeup.
A visual record, yes.  A before-and- after kind of thing.  This could make your reputation.
And you want a --
Unfortunate, but I think we can work around it.
... Thank you.
Holy shit. Holy...
God yes, Allie. I've gotta say -- that was the ballsiest move I ever...
Yeah. Yeah. Little winded. DID YOU SEE THAT?!
You okay?
HOLY SHIT!!
Great. How??
LOOK! IT'S BRUCE!!  Allies -- the balloons. We've got to find some way to tell him!
What do you say? Let's head for the lights.
Yeah. Deja vu.
Couldn't turn down the job, huh? A girl could get hurt this way.
It's gone.
Jesus, Vicki! Where is it??
Allie... he wants to tell me. I had a roll of film. His face was on it. He knew that -- And he let me keep.
Vicki. We got a wealthy millionaire here... who dresses up like a bat. He goes out at night and swings around -- in his cape -- on a rope.  CRAZY BAT-STARD!
He's not crazy.
Not what?
Allie, he's not.
The guy's bats all right. He's bat shit crazy. He --  -- I can't believe it. I was right!!
Bruce Wayne is out of his mind.  Next time you call him up and he can't go out Friday night - - think it over.
I've had it with you.  I'm leaving.
Right.  And they know him.  And that's why it would never occur to them for a minute that their old buddy Bruce puts on a cape at night and goes out looking for --
Alexander... I know you.
... Okay, then, I have a confession to make.  I'm the Batman.
He's best friends with Jim Gordon and Harvey Dent.  They would know.
... Oh?  Why is that, Vicki?
Allie, I know exactly why you're doing this.
Everybody needs a hobby.  You explain it, Vicki.  He walks out on his own party.  Half an hour later, who turns up?  Batman.  Sees an execution, freaks out in an alleyway.  No place to change.
Are they paying you for all this?
Yeah?  According to this, he's in Geneva from '76 to '79. Well, I called Geneva.  Nobody there's even heard of the guy - - Probably off in Tibet with some kung fu master.
You are on drugs.
Something like this -- what do you suppose this could drive a guy to?
Oh, Bruce...
Yep.  He watched the whole thing happen - - Recognize the beat cop?  Jim Gordon
His face.  Allie, look at his face.
Nice snap, huh?  Pulitzer Prize, 1963.
Why?  Aw, come on, Vicki, I'm a reporter. I'm curious.  I do this for a living.  There's a phone.  You can call him up and cancel.
Plain or roasted?  Alex, I'm very flattered that you've gone out and done all this research.
Yeah.  Peanuts.  Which is how he goes through women.
Peanuts?
Bruce Wayne?  Date?  He called you up and asked you for a date?  Shit.  HEY, MIRANDA!  C'MERE!  Now pay close attention to this.  Miranda -- tell my friend here what you told me about Bruce Wayne.
Guess who's got a date with Bruce Wayne?
Well, he must like the way he looks.  He's got a mirror in every room.
Yum, yum.
What were you thinking?
Oh.  Sorry.  I was thinking.
Well, you know me.  The more they've got, the less they're worth.  This guy must be the most worthless man in America.
That, and the sweet smell of two hundred million bucks.
I bet they like him for his big charity balls.
Likes to kill? KNOX  Women find him magnetic.
Rich.  Reclusive.  Bankrolls half a dozen charities.
Holy shit...
All aver the world.  They say he's spent half of his life overseas.
Where does one man get all this junk?
Some.  I am a rich bitch, remember?  I'm quoting.
Man, I feel like Robin Leach.  You actually know all these people?
Well, I'm starving.  Will you at least buy me a hamburger?
No.
Oh, absolutely.  Bruce and I are very close.
Our next D.A. -- I hear Bruce Wayne is throwing a fundraiser.  Did you get your invitation yet?
Small so far.  I think he's leaving the big fish for Harvey Dent.
Evildoers, huh?  Big or small?
Oh, it's too good.  We got a six-foot bat that swoops out of the night and preys on evildoers.
A girl could get killed - - so they tell me.  What's new and hot in Gotham City?
God, Vick, a girl could get hurt doing this.
Too much glamor, huh.  What's in the bag - - Monte Carlo?  Apes in Kenya?
Burned out.  I need a vacation.
Honey - - I would know any randomly selected square inch of Vicki Vale.  If I had a good enough hint.
How'd you know it was me?
I'm afraid you don't know the half of it. Sit down.  I have a tale to tell.  And not a happy one.
He's not too bad.  I can live with him.
No, I'm fine.
Here, let me do that.
Good idea - with a boss who's a really ugly son-of-a-bitch.
Maybe I ought to think about getting another job.
I know... I know. I've been an arsehole of spectacular proportions. Olympic standard.
It was nothing.  We're not ... He just makes me laugh.  When was the last time we laughed?  Any of us?
shhh...
About Charles...
Everything's gonna be fine.
Yes.  Great.  Kevin, I'11 send Bean in to keep you company.
Let's get a coffee.
Nothing ever really changes, does it, David?
Sorry, honey - he just happened to tag along.
0 my god.
Ah, well .... CUT TO:
At least you didn't bring Mr Bean with you.
Honestly David, you're so spineless.
I was sort of half way through the sentence in which I would have asked him when it suddenly seemed like a mistake.
Meaning?
Sort of half.....
Great.  You said you'd ask Grierson about putting our guest somewhere else.  Did you?
Yes.  And	I have a wine for dinner that will kill you.
Hi.....  Roses.
Hi,
Now what does that mean?  My daughter wakes up with a strange man in her bed, and I'm supposed to think it's amusing?  That tie's God-awful.  Why do you wear it?
I know you are.  Very serious ... most of the time these days.
David, I'm serious!
Okay.  It's not a problem... Let's just sit ... I'11 talk to the gallery ...
It's okay.  There's no one out here. Just open the door.  Trust me.
Shut up, Kevin.  Honey, you-re not making sense ...
Your face smells like a foot.
Ali?  What's wrong?
0h Ali we can work this thing out, you know.
Liar.
One.
There were three strawberries.
I had the last strawberry in the refrigerator.
Go ahead.
I need some time, David.  A little time.  It's not just you.  It's partly me.
Jesus.
I know - I'11 take it in to George tomorrow'- he'll fix it.  Stupid thing.
It isn't working any more, David.
What's wrong with you, David?  All you have to do is say, Excuse me, I've been sitting here since the start of the Millennium and I'd really like some action from you before the end of the world. I'll go.
I'm not sure I got the right person but they were a bit busy ...
Did you really ask?
Well, they're kind of busy but it doesn't look like ...
Tom Jones?
Scottish.
That's exactly what I said ... before I said - Great, it's a sensational idea."
It's the last thing we need.
Yes.  Yes.  Sometime.
David - are you ever going to learn to say 'no'?
Ahm - he's male.  He's English.  He's a doctor of er ... at least 2 things.  I think they would have mentioned if he was a blind dwarf.  Or one of those guys who kills lots of people all the time.  I think we're looking at someone moderately normal here.
Do we know anything about him?
I said I'd check with you.
And what did you say?
Yes, there are hotels.  They just thought maybe it'd be nice for him to stay with a real American family.  Popcorn, waffles, all that stuff.
There aren't hotels?
And they asked me if we'd like to ... you know... put him up for a while.
Yeeees?
Sounds great.  Excellent.  Though-, Ahm... there's this guy who's coming to work at the Gallery, from England...
Jennifer can stay and look after Kevin
Don't ask him about work, Charlie. Life's too short.
Ahm, well, you know ~ that's a tough question - on one' level I think it ....
Great.  Classic timing.  Why don't you ask her just to leave a date for the divorce?  I'll check my diary later.
David.  There's a call for you.  It's your wife.
Uh ... yes ...
Big day today, huh? 78
Night.
Goodnight Annie.
Thanks, Annie.
Excuse me.  Mr Grierson called down. He's ready to see you upstairs.
I can understand THAT. Neither do I.
Right first time.
He doesn't like to say much does he?
No, Annie, no.  This is Doctor Bean. He's going to be working with us.
Oh, right, yeah.  two dollars please.
Annie, it's me.
Two dollars please.
Well, Ahm....
It wasn't a dream, was it.  I have to go in to work and tell them Whistler's Mother now looks like Danny De Vito.
Whistler was a great painter, but he wasn't a great chooser of paints ....
Oh yes.
Ahm.... .
What happened?!!!
oh dear.
Oh Jesus.  Oh God.  Oh Jesus God.  Oh Mary Mother of Jesus. Oh Jesus of Nazareth.
What?  What?
Ahm.....
Seems to be a problem with the door. Where's the picture gone?
Yes.  Ahm... think I'11 ...
Better go.  Grierson hates people being late.
Excuse me.
Ah, Mr Bean ...
I don't think you really understand what you're looking at ...
Look at all this - publicity expenditure ... catering ... all completely fictional ... back as far as June 93 ...
Great - keep him out of trouble.
He's just parking the Governor's car.
Yes.  Ahm.  I was just wondering where my English house guest had got to.
Everything okay, David?
You're an innocent and an optimist David - that's why I love you. .  Jesus - what a terrible tie- Come on, the Governor's coming at 3. And before then I have a little surprise for you and the Boss.
Yes, look, I wanted to talk to you about this.  I'm sure we haven't been doing as badly as all that.
Great day.  At last we can start getting out of debt and concentrating on the future.
Not necessarily.  That's where this ...  comes in.  No, I've had a better idea than sacking people.  You'll hear soon enough.
'Emergency measures, in your book means sack people right?
Thanks, David.  Always a pleasure.
Look, I've left Bean on his own. Nice to chat though Bernie - always a subtle joy.
Isn't it?
It's great when people who work together can become real friends.
Yes, isn't he.
Saw her at the movies the other night with that boss of hers.  Nice guy.  Good looking.
She's ... well, she's good.
And howls Alison?
Ah. Fine.  It's good.  It's great.
Howls he getting on with the family?
Yes.  I'11 mention it to him.  But ... he's kind of his own guy, you know?
I was hoping DU.  Bean might take a look at my computer project today.
But the particular glory of the system... is that it can also work oh large screens in each individual room - so we can network the program to every room in the gallery.
It's very good Bernie.
Good point Bernie - precisely the kind of perceptive interjection I'd expect from my new V.P. How can we, you ask, survive without Whistler's Mother - our single greatest asset?  Well, the truth is - we can't.  So what am I saying?  Will we find her again?  Never - this robber was clearly the work of a criminal of great genius.
Thank you, sir.  Although, I'm afraid I don't quite see how we can ...
He's a man with a plan who will haul us into profitability and the 21st century.
Thank you Bernie.  Well done.  Now, If you'll excuse - I have a little smartening up to do myself.
Okay, that'll do.  The Governor's here in half an hour.  We have to be totally ready then.  No excuses.  Period!
Hey.  Let's junk the medals, Elmer.  This is not a Veterans' reunion. We wanna make the Governor feel at home.  Not remind him of piles of dead people wearing uniforms.
This is Elmer, our longest serving...
Right.  Got it.
And that's where you introduce me to the Governor.
What a pleasure, Governor Reynolds.  I'd like you to meet some of our staff here. .
Well, bravo!  What with you and Whistler's Ma - I think I've got a winning team.
We'll be able to start this afternoon.  I'11 pipe the guide to every video screen in the gallery.  Now, that'll impress the Governor.
David?
Love to, sir, but no can do.  No spare room.  Period.
So ... I'm wondering if one of you would have this guy stay in your home instead of some expensive hotel.
Great news.
Lord Walton assures me this guy's one of the very top scholars in the English art world.  Has a couple of doctorates no less.
Okay, sir.  Certainly.  Good.
So, why not haul your ...  nice little ass into this room and explain to me and my wife why our precious daughter is going to be absolutely fine because of all the fantastic intelligence and attention you are going to give her case.
We have.  In fact, we've been sitting here since the start of the Millennium and I'd really like some action from you before the end of the world.
I'm er ... sorry if you've been waiting a long time.
I said say that again, son - because the next time you do, I'll make sure you're in there with my daughter, but in a slightly less healthy state and she's in a coma with a broken arm right now.
I beg your pardon?
Say that again, son.
And I need Fridays off, to spend more time with my family.  Speaking of which - if you'll excuse me .... I've got a lot of time to make up.
A car sounds sensible.
Maybe two cars.
Mmmmm...
And a car.
Of course.
VERY ACCOMMODATING Well, no, sir, I'm sure ...
I owe you a very serious apology, young man.  It wouldn't surprise me if you wanted to leave us after this.  I sincerely hope that you do not.
Of course not.  I'm sacking you for neglectful conduct, relating to the heavy financial loss this gallery has incurred, through your recent lack of professional judgement.  A loss I trust Bernie will be able to reverse.
I'm fired?  Because I let a... copy of a painting the get stolen?
David, David, David ...
Certainly is.
Well, congratulations.  Isn't that great, David?
Quite right, sir.
Bravo.  Let's put on a good show tomorrow, shall we?  Don't want anything to go wrong.
Ahm....
I think you're wrong, David.  She looks as fine as she's ever looked. Worth every cent of the 10 million dollar-s.
Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Congratulations. Marvellous thing.  Bravo.
Brilliant, huh?  I already have a prospective buyer - the current Governor of California, no less, who is flies in tomorrow to inspect her and clinch the deal.  Spread the news.  I think decisive leadership has done the trick, don't you?
No. no, no, hold on ... We cant sustain our loses - so I've decided.. to sell Whistler's Mother.
... you have to sack me.  I understand, sir.  I'll go quietly.  In fact I'll go right now.
Thank you David.  However, flattery will get you nowhere.  Truth is, I have a rather different plan for Whistler's dear Mama.  Bernie and I have been inspecting our books - and the long and short of it is, we cannot survive with our current losses, so ...
Exactly.  She's in a surprisingly terrible state.  Isn't she, Bean?
Time taken its toll on the old girl, eh?
The thing is, sir, I've just been giving the painting a very thorough inspection, with the help of Dr Bean here - and we feel the time's come for Whistler's Mum to have her first face-lift.
Er ... pray tell me why?
No!
Sack him?  David, what else can I do?  This business is not, repeat, not breaking even. And David ... notice anything this morning?
You're not going to ....
Glad to hear it.  Tell poor Mr Larson to come through, will you?
Yes, although, I really..... thank you.  Yes, it's great to have him with us. The whole family's very excited.
Very pleased you've taken him in, David.  At a time when no-one's job is safe, it really identifies you as a team player.
Ah... He certainly has something, sir.
Yes, this is Doctor Bean.
Ah, David.  Finally.  And this must be our professor from across the sea.
No. Perfect.  Looking forward to it. CUT TO:
Tomorrow.  You have a problem with that?
on the other hand ... maybe a breath of fresh air is just what my family needs ... Yes.  Great news.  Fabulous.  Triumphant.  Course it might need a little smoothing over.  When's he due?
I thought perhaps as Vice-President, and in view of the unfortunate attendance's for the summer show this year... the MASSIVE financial LOSS ...
Oh, look, I mean, it's kind of the last thing... I mean, I'd really like to, but... things at home are kind of sensitive, so I couldn't really er ...
Ah ... Jennifer, I need you to watch Kevin.  Jen?
Bye, Dad.
Sure.  You're right.
It's you and Mom that need to talk.
Jen - you don't wanna talk about it?
There's a man.  I woke up next to a man ...
Honey, calm down now... it's okay...
Okay, so the guy's gonna look like Meatloaf's backside.  No-one's asking you to go to bed with him.
Welsh again.
Sean Connery.
Welsh.
Richard Burton was very good-looking.
All the guys they claim are English to and good-looking like Dan Day- Lewis and Liam Neeson, turn out to be Irish.  Even Anthony Hopkins is welsh.  Prince Charles is so ugly they pay him two million bucks a year to stay indoors.
What makes you say that?
Oh come on - the guy's going to be a creep.  All Englishmen are ugly.
No - but when you've torn out a man's throat with your bare hands, you learn to appreciate the beautiful things in life.
They're pretty.  Learn it in the army?
Sure did.
You arrange those flowers yourself?
Not my place, sir.  It would only be a matter of time before I'm calling you Dave.  Then where would we be?  By next year, you're my Sweety-Pie" and I'm "Coochie-Coo".  I'11 be back in 15.
You've known me five years Elmer. When do you get to calling me David?
Not in one piece anyway.  I see Mrs Whistler as kind of ... like my own dear mother.  I'd kill any man that tried to interfere with her.  The Vice President here will vouch for that.
As you can see, security's pretty tight in this section.  Nobody gets past Elmer here.  Isn't that right?
Bye, Bean.  Thanks for everything. And take care, huh?  I know it's insane, but I'm going to miss you.
... in the distant future.
How the hell should I know?
But is she gonna be okay?
She was wearing a helmet.  It could have been worse.
Is Jenny gonna be okay?
Jennifer!  This is not - repeat, not! how we do things in this family. I've told you never to get on one of those death traps!  Please - talk to me.  I promise to be reasonable.
Hey, En, nice bike'- but remember: any kids you have are gonna look just like its handsome driver.
I'11 give you a chance... Know anything about computers?
Well, there is that ...
That's one - way of looking at it.  You might also say this guy is brainless he has no brain'.
He was incredible.  This guy is fearless.  He has no fear.
I vote for Bart.
Well, Michael Bolton's pretty grisly.
Who do you think is the ugliest guy who ever lived.
Great, good.
Hiya Dad ~ I'll need you upstairs for homework in about ....  oh, 20 minutes.
Okay.....
It is urgent, sir.
Damn.  I was just going to Number 4 ....
We need you urgently in C Theatre.
Yes?
Doctor Jacobson?
And I'm sorry you look that way, short-ass.  That suit stinks and you obviously dye your hair.
I am sorry you feel that way.
I've known soldiers who've had their heads blown off who were more intelligent than you two.  Not only have you failed to protect your most valuable possession from theft - but you didn't even know it'd been stolen!  I'd sooner buy heroin from the guy who sells drugs outside my grandson's school than anything from you guys.
Yes it is ... may I introduce you To Bern ...
off the peg?
Why thank you sir.
Interesting suit.
Not at all, Governor.  Very striking.
Hi, Grierson, forgive the war paint.  Going on To my regiment/s reunion after.
what a pleasure, Governor.  Welcome.
Sting?!  Sounds like something you put on a rash.
Come on Sting!
Are you?
Of course he is.
You know, Mr. Bean's okay.  You're not gonna kick him out, are you, Dad?
It's a kind of an interesting swap. Mom for the Man from Ga Ga.
I wish I could use that at school.  "Hey, Teach, no hard feelings ... It's just things between us ain't what they used to be and I need a little space, ya know?  So I'11 see you around in a couple of years, maybe".
You.
Nope.
You know the thing I hate most about children?
NO, seriously - I know he's your boyfriend, but there's something about his upper lip that is so weird.  What do you think it is, Dad?  Jen says it's a moustache, I say it's a cluster of about 11 mosquitoes, resting.
Shut up, Kevin.
Oh, uh, I mean, uh, ass-goblin...
You already said that, Butt-Head.
Uh... butt-snatch...
Um... ass... head...
Uh... dill, um, face...
Um, uh, butt... um, hole. Butt-hole...
Butt-snatch...
Bunghole...
Dill-wad...
Turd-burglar...
Butt-dumpling...
Shut up, dill-hole.
Uh, I probably will, but not you. You're too much of a butt-monkey. Huh huh.
Hey Butt-Head, do you think we're ever gonna score?
Heh heh. Bye bye. Heh heh.
Uh... bye-bye.
Yeah! We're with the bureau of cigarettes and chicks! We're gonna score!
Cigarettes and beer rule! Huh huh.
Yeah, maybe some chicks too. Heh heh.
You hear that, Beavis! We're gonna get alcohol, tobacco and guns!
Uh hey, does anyone wanna see my unit?
Yeah, and um, he used to hit me too.
Yeah, he had a lot of problems. Huh huh huh.
I always thought there was something wrong with him. Heh heh heh.
What's your problem Beavis?
Heh heh. Fire. Heh heh Aaaaeeehhhhg!!!
Oh yeah,...I mean no. NO! I won't settle down! Not this time!...
Huh huh huh. Settle down Beavis.
Heh heh. We wanna do her now!
Uh... Attention, attention! We're looking for that chick with the big boobs.
Could you, like, tell her we're ready to score?
Well where is she?!
Yeah. We can go see Hole and then we can get some hole. Huh huh huh huh.
Yeah, heh heh. Umm, isn't Seattle in Washington? Heh heh... 'cuz I was thinking maybe we could go see Hole.
Uh, oh yeah. Cool. They can take us to Washington and we can finally score.
Hey Butt-Head it's that chick!
Okay. I'll go right after you.
C'mon, Beavis, just start running really fast when you hit the ground. It'll work.
Uh, you first.
Huh huh. Jack. Huh huh.
Hey Butt-Head, look. A jack. Heh heh.
Yeah! Boobs. Heh heh. I just wanna say that again. Boobs. Heh heh.
Uh... Huh huh. I have a couple. Butt cheeks, huh huh huh.
Whoa, this is cool! Heh heh. It's like, everything looks all weird and...
Huh? Huh huh.
Hey Butt-Head, I'm starting to feel weird. I think I'm freaking out.
Uh... I think I'm seeing something too. It's like a really long time ago...
Whoa, my life is cool!
Uh, probably, huh huh...Whoa, I think my life is like, flashing in front of my eyes!
Hey Butt-Head, are we gonna die?
Uh...
Hey Butt-Head, isn't there supposed to be like, water in cactuses?
Dammit!!!! Dammit!!!!
Uh...
Uh, probably like, another five minutes or something.
Yeah or like a Seven-Eleven or something... Are we almost there?
This desert is stupid. They need to put a drinking fountain out here.
This sucks. It's all hot and stuff.
This sucks. What are we doing here? Weren't we suppost'a go to Washington and score or something?
Uh... I think you scared them off.
Hey, where'd those chicks go?
Cool, huh huh.
Check it out Butt-Head, porta-potties.
Heh hmm heh heh.
Huh huh huh. Hey Beavis. We're on a bus with chicks.
You mean there's mre than one?
Uh... Is this the right bus?
Yeah really. Let's get outta here Beavis. Huh huh huh. This sucks.
That's not that much.
Huh huh. You mean like this?
Ow! I'll kick your butt!
Huh huh. Get out of the way, Beavis, I wanna sit by the window. Huh huh.
Ow! Cut it out Butt-Head.
Uh... We can't leave Washington 'till we find that chick.
Yeah, it's just the same thing over and over again.
That was boring. Huh huh.
Uh...
That sucks. Heh heh. They need some shows about fire! Change the channel.
Dammit, all they have is shows about water.
You should kick your butt's ass. Huh huh huh.
My butt's bothering me!
Beavis, huh huh, what'er you doing?
Cool! Huh huh huh.
Check it out Butt-Head, TV!
Yeah, heh heh, enough'a this crap.
This is dumb, let's find that chick.
Yeah, really.
So, like, where is she?
Yeah, heh heh. Damn right!
Damn, huh huh.
Huh huh. We're gonna score now.
Heh heh. We're in Washington!
Cut it out butt-hole!
No way butt-hole! I want the window.
Heh heh. Thank God.
This is it, Beavis. Huh huh. We're finally gonna score.
Huh huh. No way, dude.
Me first.
Huh huh huh.
Ow, let go, Butt-Head!
Forget it, bunghole!
Me first!
So, uh, huh huh. Are we gonna score now?
Me first! Me first!
Huh huh huh. I'm ready for love.
Me first?
Uh... Hey baby. Are we like, doing it?
Heh heh. This is the best night of our lives.
Huh huh huh. That chick was talking about doing it.
Uh... Uh...
Huh huh huh huh huh huh.
What a rip-off. Come on. We gotta find that chick.
Ow! These chips suck.
Heh heh. Yeah.
Beavis. This is what it's all about.
Yeah, we should party.
That's Butt-Head. Don't you get it, Beavis. These dudes have the same name as us.
And Boot-Head.
Huh huh. This says Beavis.
Uh... Buuuuut. Boot. Someone named boot.
Uh, B...A...U... No, uh, V...
Uh... maybe he's blind... Huh huh, check this out.
Hey Butt-Head, why's that guy holding a sign?
Yeah, heh heh. I thought there'd be casinos and lights and stuff.
Uh, huh huh, this is Las Vegas?
Aggghg! We're gonna die! We're all gonna die!
Dammit! Huh huh. That chick wants me.
Huh huh. Soon, she will be mine.
Wait, I wanted her to do it.
Beavis, this is the greatest day of our lives. Huh huh huh.
Yeah, heh heh, and then we're gonna get a big-screen TV! Heh heh.
We're gonna get paid to score.
Uh, huh huh... We'll do it, sir.
Oh, heh heh really? Cool. Heh heh.
Beavis, you butt-munch, this guy wants us to score with his wife. And he's gonna pay us. We can buy a new TV.
Nnnnaah...We need to watch TV DAMMIT!!!
Shut up Beavis! Uh, yeah. We'll do your wife.
Actually, we just wanna watch TV...
Dammit! I need a TV now! We're missing everything!
Huh huh huh. That was cool.
I need TV now! Now! NNNNDAMMIT!!!
What's your problem Beavis?
Nnnnooo. Oooooh nooooo.
Yeah, heh heh. Maybe it has a TV. Heh heh. TV.
Whoa, check it out Beavis. I didn't know Anderson had a Camper.
Uh,...Oh yeah.
No it wasn't!
Huh huh huh. That was cool.
Yeah, heh heh. He's a anus. Heh heh.
What a dork. Huh huh.
Entert-ain...us...an-us...Oh yeah! Heh heh. Anus. Heh heh.
Huh huh huh. He said "anus."
Yeah, heh heh. Let's just wheel this thing back to the house.
Huh huh huh. That was cool.
Yeah, heh heh.
This sucks.
What?
Whoa! I think I just figured something out Beavis.
The TV.
What's gone?
Yeah, but check it out. It's gone!
Dammit, Beavis, I was about to score. Huh huh.
Washington! That's where she was gonna meet up with ya?  Damn, she's goin' all the way!
Oh yeah. Can you just take us to Washington? We're gonna meet her there and, you know, heh heh hmmm...
Huh huh. You guys are funny. Let's have a drink on it.
Yeah, heh heh. I think I just had an accident. Heh heh hmm heh hmm heh.
Just make sure it looks like an accident...
Yeah, heh heh. Boooooiiiing!!!
That's alright. I'd rather not know your real names anyways. I'm Muddy. Look, I'm gonna get right to the point. I'll pay you ten grand plus expenses, all payable after you do her...
Beavis.
Yer late.
Aaaah. TeeeVeeeee, heh heh.
Um, um, yeah, probably. Heh heh.
Does that say Xanax?
Sorry to hear that. Me, I took a beating.
Uh, we didn't score yet.
Why it's you two. How'd ya do in Vegas?
Hey, Butt-Head, it's that slut from the plane!
Heh heh, thanks.
They perk me right up.
Well, if you find yourself getting tired, take a couple of these.
Uh... No,  I poop too much. Then I get tired.
Oh, maybe you're lactose intolerant.
Really? I poop too much.
You'll have to speak up son. I have this ringing in my ears. My doctor says it could be related to my heart palpitations. I've had two operations on my heart.
I'm probably going to make out with her first before we, you know, get down...
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah, heh heh. I'm gonna have money, and a big-screen TV and sluts everywhere!
Whoa! heh heh. Hey Butt-Head, this chick is pretty cool. She says there's gonna be tons of sluts in Las Vegas! Heh heh heh.
Oh, there are so many slots you won't know where to begin.
Yeah, I'm hoping to do some sluts too. Heh heh. Do they have lots of sluts in Las Vegas?
I hope to score big there myself. I'm mostly going to be doing the slots.
Yeah, we're gonna score.
Hello there. Are you two heading for Las Vegas?
Thrr...
...o-o-o-eieee-ooooeeeooooo...
...Two...
OK boys. Get ready to fire on the count of three.  I'm gonna give you three seconds...
Why does everyone wanna see my schlong?  I am the one-and-only-almighty-bungholiooo!
He's jerkin' us off. I think we're gonna have to take him out. Get ready to fire on my orders...  This is your last chance. Give us the unit now...
You must bow down to the Almighty Bunghole.  Heh heh, this is cool.  Bungholio-o-o-o-o-o!
Do you have any oleo? Heh heh.
We'll get you whatever you want.  Get that other kid. We might need him.
Do you have T.P.? T.P. for my bunghole?
This is Agent Flemming, A.T.F.. We won't hurt you. We just want the unit. Tell us where the unit is.
Who knows?
Where are his pants?
OK, nobody shoot. He could still have the unit on him. Keep your distance. We don't wanna take a chance on hitting it.
Attention all units. We've got him. He's in front of a camper in the visitor's lot.
Chief, look!
Damn! Where the hell is he? We should've found him by now.
We just cleared all four floors. No sign of him.
Not now Bork.
Say chief, isn't that guy whose camper,...I mean, off in whose...
Agent Hurley...
Not on him, Chief.
Bork, when this is all over, remind me to make you an appointment with Agent Hurley.
Chief, I swear, we tore that bus apart. They couldn't have...
Okay, boys and girls, our suspects are on a tour bus we believe to be headed for...  the White House! Jumpin' Jesus! I want everyone there. Our people. Locals. Orders are shoot to kill. Repeat! Shoot to kill!
Jesus jumped-up... Bork, can you imagine what would happen if they set that thing off in our nation's capital, or even worse, if they sold it to some damned foreigner at that conference.  Well, it's not gonna happen!
D.C., Chief.
What the hell...? Bork! That bus we picked up. Where was it headin'?
Where did these guys come from?
Well, I'll be a blue-nosed gopher.
We've run a sample through the National Criminal Sperm Bank and come up with two possible genetic matches for a father. 
That's better. Yes?
Oh, ah... You know that guy in whose camper they... I mean that guy off in whose camper they were whacking?
Bork! You are a federal agent. You represent the United States Government... Never end a sentence with a preposition. Try again.
Chief, you know that guy whose camper they were whacking off in?
Deep and hard.
Cavity search...?
It gets worse. The unit wasn't finished. It has a flaw - the casing. If hit hard enough, it could break open, releasing the virus.
Jesus Jumped-Up Christ! If this were to fall into the wrong hands...
Well, sir it's not good.  Roll the tape... The X-5 unit is a new top-secret biological weapon, a manmade virus...
Damn right. Bork, we're dealing with real pros here. My opinion, terrorists... What's the scoop on that stolen unit?
Cut the power!
You got half the state looking for ya - how do you get away?
I see it. I don't get it.
You see what I see, Bork?
Bork, don't you realize what kids today are capable of? Don't you read the papers?
They look like a couple of kids chief.
Well sir, I didn't really think it was necessary. You see we have a picture of them from the elevator security cam. Here, have a look.
Yes. You can never be too careful Bork.
Ah, the witness?
Did you give him a full cavity search?
Chief, we found a witness that says he saw two teenagers leaving Dallas' room shortly before we arrived.
Talk ta me, Bork.
Dammit!  Where's that damn unit??!!
We got nothing, Chief. We tore the place apart. We can only legally hold her for another couple of hours.
Cool, huh huh.  Hey Beavis that's that dude that's paying us to do his wife.
Ah'm gonna blow you both to hell!
This is gonna be cool! Huh huh huh.
She sure does.
Uh, yeah. Does she have big hooters?
One more thing. Mah wife's got this leather satchel. It's black, about this big. I need ya to bring it back. It's real important. Sentimental value... Any questions so far?
Holed up. Huh huh huh. Holed.
She's holed up in a hotel room in Las Veags. Your flight leaves in a couple of hours. Now c'mon, I'll drive you to the airport.
Whoa, huh huh. Cool.
Here she is. Her name's Dallas. She ain't as sweet as she looks. She stole everything from me. Ya gotta watch out, 'cause she'll do you twice as fast as you'd do her.
That's right. I'm offering you ten grand plus expenses to do my wife. We gotta deal?
Do her? Huh huh.
Uh, Butt-Head.
Well, Earl said you guys were young, but jeez... Oh well, as long as you can get the job done. So what are your names?
Yoo-hoo! Travis and Bob Head. Whoo-hoo!
Whoa, this kicks ass! Huh huh huh.
Are you guys sluts too? Huh huh huh.
Meet Sylvia. And Elloise and Sam. And Ed. And Doreen.
Uh... Head? huh huh. My first name's Butt. Huh huh huh.
This is Travis and Bob... What's your last name, dear?
That's why I'm bussing it across America. I'm so glad you're here.  Jim, I want you to meet two nice boys.
Cool, huh huh huh.
It's so nice to meet young men who are so well mannered.
Cool. Huh huh huh.
Hey, you wanna see something really cool? Huh huh huh.
Uh, do you think these two sluts still live in Highland? That would be cool.
Shut up, dumb-ass! You didn't score. I scored with both of them...
Yeah, they were sluts. Huh huh huh.
You scored with two chicks?!
Well, then you know what I'm talking about. Anyway, here's the story. I scored with these two chicks. True story.
Really? That's where we're from.
Yup. Huh huh.
You were a roadie for Motley Crue?
Uh, my butt and your...uh, butt.
Uh, hey. One of you kids got a match?
Uh, you want us to do a guy? Huh huh. No way.
Ten grand? That cheap-ass... I got a better deal for ya. I'll double it. I'll pay ya twenty if you go back there and do mah husband.
Uh, ten uh...
Muddy! Sonofabitch! Hold it. What's he payin' ya?
Uh, huh huh, this fat dude. He said we could do you. And he was gonna pay us.
Who sent ya?
Uh, huh huh. Is that gonna be enough time?
You got two seconds!
I will <u>never</u> sell this house. I'll be buried in my yard next to Barbara.  Holding hands!  And a good paintbrush!
Get <u>away</u> you little monster.
Does that mean you'd consider it in two weeks?  You don't have to answer now.  He wants me to check the deed restriction anyway.  You take your vacation, Adam.  Say 'bye!
So do I, Jane.  I'm on vacation.
Adam my booyy!  When you're really rich in what matters...  ... nothing matters!  My buyer has just made a killing in condos in the Village.  And he's got a little stress problem...  ... so his wife says they want the old peace and quiet!
We're rich in what really matters.
You'll be rich!
No, Jane.
Maybe I am three-eighty-five if you carry a second lien!  I can arrange the most creative financing in the six states of New England.
All right.
Oh, Adam, don't tease her.  You never got an A in science in your life!
Give or take a year.
3:30 I guess.
What time is it?
Just a hunch.
What...?
What makes you think she likes me?
We've been given a gift here, honey.  A real live little girl. She likes us a lot.  She needs us. Maybe that's why we died so young, to keep us from getting so... attached to <u>things</u>.  The house, antiques, your model.  Look at us. We didn't have room for anyone.
You can build another one... with her.
Let's see if she can get my model back.
Ah, Adam, you don't know anything about little girls.  She's just... missed out on some love, that's all...
Little black party dresses?
You know, I've been thinking.  I could teach Lydia to sew.
... we wouldn't have had our little accident.
Lydia, believe me... we know... all the hard stuff is the same over here.  You're going to be who you are... whether you're alive or dead ... and over here -- it's... It's flat... there's no food, no colors ... you can't smell the flowers.  If we knew then what we know now we'd have been more careful...
I didn't --
<u>Adam</u>!  Why did you build a whorehouse?  Have you ever been to...?
But he didn't.  We've got him where we want him.
He might have hurt somebody.
Maybe they'll leave now.  That snake was a pretty nasty customer.
Who did the sushi?
N... No,  I just did the Ink Spots.
The sushi?  I did the wine. Didn't you do the sushi?
And your sushi was remarkable.
I don't care, I've changed my mind.  ... I feel <u>really</u> confident.  We're getting better at this stuff.  We can scare them off ourselves -- tonight!  I've got an idea.  You're going to love it... I'm going to hate it.
But <u>we</u> let him out.
I am not going to expose that little girl to that... pervert down there.
Honey, I think that was a mistake.
No, we don't.  We can work something out ourselves.  We just have to try harder.
Go?  What d'ya mean?  We need help.
Honey.  Let's go.
... acts like she's thirty-five.
She's only fourteen...
Maybe we should knock first?
I guess we open it.
Oh, Adam.  I don't have gloves.  My nails keep getting longer.  I'll break them.
Has anything been simple so far? From the look of the shovel, we dig.
Bet... el... geuse.  What an awful name.  I thought it was like -- you know.  The <u>juice</u> of <u>beetles</u>.
Three times.  Powerful number.
What happened?
<u>Betelgeuse</u>!
Go ahead... third time's a charm.
... Yes this must be him.  Look... Betelgeuse... Betelgeuse...
I didn't do that one... Hmmm.
Here's something.
Then it should be here.
Of course I did.
Did you copy these gravestones right, Adam?
This is different.  Eventually she'll take someone to the attic. And then what?  We've got to try to contact this guy Betelmyer. We gotta get some help, hon.
Adam, you had a photo of Big Foot!
She's got <u>photos</u>, Barbara.
Lydia's trying, but they don't believe her.
You know you're really a pretty girl.
Where are your skulls and bones?
Well, I don't know... We don't get many visitors.
It's <u>not</u> stupid.  We're ghosts. Do you want this woman for breakfast for 125 years?  Moan louder!
I feel really stupid.
Think of them as death shrouds. And the moaning is important. Really <u>moan</u>!  Practice, practice, practice.
God, this is so corny.  Have we been reduced to this?  Sheets?
Look, she's right.  We'll just start simple, honey, be tougher. I feel... confident.  C'mon.
That guy is in our cemetery.  Oh, Adam.
We probably wouldn't mind sharing the house with people who were --
We'd like some help in getting rid of the people who moved in here.  Barbara and I worked very hard on this house.
How long do you suppose we were waiting?
Look at this, everything is different down here.  All our furniture is gone.
My God, we're back where we started.
No.  But it's somewhere without big worms.
... Not what I expected when we walked through that door.
Wait.
Yet another triumph for Adam and Barbara in the afterlife.
Draw door?  I don't know why we keep looking in that stupid book.
We need some help.  I found something this morning.  Here. Emergencies.  'In case of emergency, draw door.'
I don't know... what are you looking up?
Are you crazy?  She can't hear you.
We don't know who he is...  ... I'm going to talk to that little girl.
What about this Beetle guy?
We're not going to wait here like cornered animals.  I can tell you that.  We need help.  I'm going to talk to that little girl.
There's nothing we can do.  It's just a matter of time before they unlock this room.  There goes my model.  There goes our last refuge.
That's all we need.
But she <u>saw</u> us.  I could feel it.
She couldn't have.  We can't <u>make</u> them see us.
That little girl saw us.
Nothing.  The bio buster?  I don't get it...
That's it?  No number, or instructions?
Not really...  what's this?
Look in the index... maybe there's, like an emergency number or something.
Death didn't improve your sense of humor.
You can't say that for sure.  It could be a transitional thing. Like a post-life crisis.  We just have to be tougher with them. Come on.  Have some brandy. Spirits, get it?
We're trapped in this house forever... with those... people.
I know.  I'm sorry.
<u>You</u> left me.
Oh, Adam, don't ever leave me alone.
Whatever it is it can't be worse than this.
Barbara, honey!  Don't go out there.  You don't know --
No, I'm not putting up with this.
Oh, honey, we may need that.
We're not completely helpless. I've been reading the book. There's a word for people in our predicament, honey.
I don't know if there's anything we can do.
Is this a punishment for something we did in life?  What can we do?
They make gypsies look good.
Adam, we <u>are</u> in hell.  I hate these people.
That's my girl!
I guess... if I'm going to be dead, I'll just have to be the best dead person ever!
At least we won't have to worry about her.
Arrogant.  That's Jane Butterfield all right...
Just says 'won't.'  Wait a minute. Here it says 'the living are arrogant... they think they'll never die, so they refuse to see the dead.'
Won't?  Or can't?
She can't see you, right?  In the book, Rule Number Two: the living usually won't see the dead.
I don't know.  <u>Jane, Jane, up here</u>!
What's she doing here?
God, it's Jane Butterfield!
But I'm not hungry, are you?
Dishes?  We haven't eaten in three weeks!  Adam, I'm not like you, I really need to be around <u>people</u>, get out to the church and go grocery shopping.
Hon... I didn't want to die, but really, this is fine with me.  As long as I never have to wash dishes again.
In heaven there wouldn't be dust on the wallpaper.
Maybe this is heaven.
I can't clean anything.  The vacuum is out in the garage.  I can't leave the house.  Why don't they tell us something?  Where are all the other dead people in the world?  Why is it just you and me?
Cabin fever, hon?
I don't see anything about 'Rewards and Punishments' or 'Heaven and Hell.'  This book reads like stereo instructions!  Listen to this... 'Geographical and Temporal Perimeters... Functional perimeters vary from manifestation to manifestation.'  This is going to take some time.
There are a thousand things... Why did you disappear when you walked off the front porch?  Is this a punishment?  Are we halfway to heaven or are we halfway to hell? And how long is this going to <u>last</u>?
This book isn't arranged that way. What do you want to know?
I don't like situations like this. I hate it when I'm not in control. So just tell me the basics.
This is going to take some time.
I don't think we survived the crash.
Look at the publisher.  Handbook for the Recently Deceased Press.
De<u>ceased</u>.  I don't know where it came from.
Handbook for the recently diseased.
Yes it did.  Yes it did.  I made a couple of small discoveries. Here's one.
Anything happen while I was away?
... Hmmm?
That's how long you were gone.
What?
Two hours.
You saved my -- uh -- life... or whatever... something.
Oh, Adam.  We're home.  In our own house.  Nonsense.  I'll make some coffee.  You get some more firewood.
I'll tell you what, Barbara.  I don't think we survived that crash.
I am sitting.
You'd better sit down, hon.
I'm not sure.  It feels... frozen.
How's your arm?
This fire wasn't burning when we left the house.
Oh... I'm sorry...
Slow down there, honey... I don't want the vibration to weaken the model.
You're doing it, Adam.  You're saving this town.
Yeah it turned out okay.  We applied for a National Historical plaque for it.  That'll be the third one on Main Street.
Adam, your Bozman Building is a beauty.
Adam!
Don't forget the balls, Ernie.
Wave at the lion.
Let's not think about it.  We'll have a nice romantic, quiet, vacation.  Here comes the bridge chorus.
I know... I just wish she'd leave us alone.
We should be flattered that she wants to sell our house.
Ah, the ever-tactful Jane.  Let's just relax about having children.
Jane said we should sell the house to someone with a family.
It's <u>your</u> turn, darling.
Oh no.
God, how I have looked forward to this, honey.
Oh, honey, I'm so glad we're spending our vacation at home.
Yeah, I want to get one coat on the wardrobe and then I'll help you.
God... Manchurian Tung oil? There's enough to refinish the gateleg table <u>and</u> the cherry wardrobe!
Helen got it for me in Oslo.
Manchurian Tung oil?  Where did you get it?
Almost.
Oh, Adam, the model looks so good. The Historical Society will love it.  You've finished the streets?
She's ready.
Oh puh-leeze!
Uh-uh.  Only if you got <u>above</u> a C on science.
So can I?
I got an A!
We studied all day yesterday. Don't tell me...
I got it.  And I took pictures of the new church for you, too.
Did you get the paint?
Really.  I don't know.
What is going on?
Wait a minute.  I had some licorice ice cream earlier.  You guys could be gas.  What if... I'm dreaming. Can you do any neat tricks to prove you're not gas?
You tell them that we are desperate horrible ghoulish creatures who will stop at nothing to get back our house.
God, if this is true this is like, amazing!  I kinda like it up here. Can I visit you sometimes?
We weren't there.  The handbook says funerals aren't for the dead.
You don't know the Deetzes very well, do you?  My father bought this place.  He never walks away from equity.  Why don't <u>you</u> leave?
We want to frighten you away.  So that you'll move out.
And this used to be your house, I bet.  Why do you want to scare everybody?
I certainly did.  I'd finish it too, but... I don't get out much.
<u>You</u> did this?  You carved all these little figures and houses and things?
Stepmother.  I'm very sensitive about being related to reptiles.
We were trying to scare your mother.
Why are you creeping around Delia's bedroom?
I'm wearing contacts... Also I read through <u>Handbook for the</u> <u>Recently Deceased</u>.  It says that live people ignore the strange and unusual... not me... <u>I am</u> strange and unusual.
Nobody else can.
Is this like a trick question?
You can actually see us?  Without the sheets?
<u>Night of the Living Dead</u>?  It's this gross movie.
What?
I'm not scared of Ralph Lauren. Those are <u>sheets</u>.  Are you gross under there?  Are you <u>Night of the</u> <u>Living Dead</u> under there?  Like all bloody veins and pus?
Aren't you scared?
We're ghosts.
A... Are you the guys who're hiding out in the attic?
For Juno, your caseworker.  Not that it matters to your type.  But there <u>are</u> all these other people here ahead of you.  I'd say three hours.
Wait for who?
D-90's.  You spend a hundred and twenty-five years on earth, actually, in that house, during which you get only three class- one D-90 intercessions with Juno. You probably haven't even read through the manual completely yet.
Help vouchers?
Good luck.  You're going to use up all your help vouchers.
Nine months?  What difference does that make?
W... We didn't know how to make one.
You don't have an appointment, do you?
Now, let's get rolling!
<u>Barbara</u>?!!
You wish!  I nearly scored with that little blonde.  I need me a short little queen.
This is <u>my</u> town.
Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work I go!
Okay.  But that Betelgeuse sure seemed mad.
Can you scare them off?
You Maitlands are the backbone of the afterlife.  So what's my cut?
But... the Deetzes are <u>destroying</u> our house.
<u>So</u> you, the dead, want me, <u>the</u> <u>undead</u>, to throw the live guys -- Mommie, Daddy and Lolita, who might not mind a tumble with an older guy, out into the cold? Even though they have paid hard casharoonie for your dump?
You don't kill anyone.
Hell no!  I'm rolling.  I'm a businessman.  I'm the man what <u>am</u>. <u>Beee</u>tel <u>Jooose</u>!  <u>Who</u> do I gotta kill?
Aren't you dead?
<u>Out</u>.
Yes... or no?  Do you want the Deetzes out or in?
Well, we didn't know --
<u>Never trust the living</u>!  We <u>cannot</u> have a routine haunting like yours provide incontrovertible visual proof of existence beyond death.
Handbook?  When...?
And if we need <u>you</u> again, how do we...?
<u>Don't say his name</u>!  Just practice. Do it <u>yourself</u>!
Start simply.  Do what you know. Use your talents.  Practice.  We only help those who help themselves. Just do a little at a time.  And of course, practice, practice, practice.  It's tricky but -- you weren't murderers by any chance, were you?
We have to start simpler, is that it?
I heard.  Tore your face right off!  Bad news.  It obviously doesn't do any good to pull your heads off in front of people if they can't see you.
The Intermediate Interface chapter on Haunting says it all.  Get 'em out yourself.  It's your house. Haunted houses don't come easy.
We tried.
Hell is other people.  You obviously don't read much. Besides things seem pretty quiet here.  You should thank God you didn't die in Italy.  The Deetzes.  Okay.  Have you been studying the manual?
No.  What's wrong?
Are you available?
I'm so sorry we frightened you. What were you doing?
You lilly-livered bleeding hearts!
Hey, I've been in a frigging bottle for six hundred years.  I was out.  Every dog has his day. This is my town.  I need a night to howl.
I don't like Charles Deetz particularly, but you could have <u>killed</u> him.
Home.  <u>Home</u>.  <u>Home</u>!
Folks, be reasonable here.  I'm at your service.  You be the judge. I'm a harmless guy.  Try me.
Hey <u>you've</u> been on Saturn!  I <u>hate</u> those sandworms!  <u>Yecchhh</u>! I've lost a lot of buddies to sandworms.  So a daughter?  She got good legs? God I love a young leg.
Just one daughter.
Bio-<u>busting</u>.  I <u>loves</u> bio-busting. Who do I gotta kill?  Family -- right?  Obnoxious I bet.  Mommie, daddy, piglets.
Just get some people out of our house.
You're the dead.
We're...
All right.  Who are you?
Forget him.  He'll remain with his whores until someone calls him.  You need to worry about people like <u>Otho</u>.  There are a lot of phony trance mediums.  They usually can't make the formulas work, but if Otho stumbles on the right words in that handbook... he could hurt you.  As in -- <u>exorcism</u>.
What about Betelgeuse?
You people have really screwed up!  I received word that you allowed yourselves to be <u>photographed</u>.  And you let Betelgeuse out and didn't put him back, and you let Otho get ahold of the handbook.
About what?
The whorehouse was my idea. I want Betelgeuse out of the picture!  We've got some serious talking to do.
Yeah.  He still tries popping up all over the place.  But he can't join the party unless you call on him.  Get the Deetzes out by yourselves! I gotta go.
Our cemetery?
He's a freelance bio-exorcist. Claims to get rid of the living. But he's a troublemaker.  He's pushy.  He's been sleazing around that cemetery for 500 years.
What do you mean?  What's he do?
No, you don't!  He does not work well with others.
No.  You don't want his help.
If... we have trouble.  What about the guy in the flyer?  Betelge...
Pity.  Murderers seem to have an easy time of it.  Just look at Amityville.  He was one of my boys.  Didn't have to give that one any lessons. From day one... But I must be off ... I've got a planeload of football players crashed in the midwest... they need a lot of help, just with the basics.
No.
Yes.
-- Like you used to be?
What do you expect?  You're dead.
We're very unhappy.
We need help.  We deserve help.
Yes.  I evaluate individual cases and determine if help is needed, deserved, and available.
Are you Juno, our case worker?
I'd nearly given up on you.  I was about to leave.  I do have other clients.
It was gross. They wanted me to dissect a frog. I told them no way.  I said it was against my religion.  I got a C.
How'd you do on the science test?
Step... mother.
So, <u>never</u> let Beetle Juice out. Never.  Besides...  We're thinking about letting everyone stay... You and your father and mother can stay too.
Life is just... too awful.
No you don't!  No... Lydia... Why?
I want to be dead too.
No, Lydia, we're dead.
He said if I let him out he would take me over to the other side to find you.
No, wait!
I hate you!  I can't trust anybody!
Wait... I don't think it would be a very good idea if you told your parents that we're up here.
I don't wear that stuff to <u>bed</u>. Besides, there's <u>nothing</u> wrong with it.  I'm getting out of here.
Funeral.  God, you guys <u>really are</u> <u>dead</u>!  What was it like?  The funeral. Did you cry?
We can't.  We haven't left the house since the funeral.
I always tell the truth.  Of course I can see you.
Tell the truth.
We're practicing.
You're not gross.  Why were you wearing a sheet?
If I had seen a ghost at your age, I would have been frightened out of my wits.
'Bye, Jane, I'll see you in church in a couple weeks.
Oh, honey... I didn't mean anything ... it's just too big for you two. I know these things.
Barbara Maitland, sweetie, you just listen now.  This house is too big.  It really ought to be for a couple with a family.
And live in what, our station wagon?
You could double the size of your hardware store!  You'll be rich.
Jane, don't send photographs of our house around the country! We're not interested in selling.
Look at me, think of me as cash! This offer is really real!  From a rich man in New York City who only saw a photograph!
No!  Jane, it is 6:45 in the morning!
Honey -- today I am three hundred <u>fifty</u> thousand dollars!
That's right, Jane.  Complete vacation.
Hi, Barb!  I'm glad I caught you. I heard you were on vacation!
I'm beeyoo-teeful.
Your qu...?  But you're...

W... What is it?
Then <u>I'll</u> help them.  For a price.
... I will.
Can you help <u>me</u>?
You've got to help them.
So... You're ready for me now?
How'd you like to be married to... the King...?
They'd look silly on me.  I'm fourteen years old!
How'd you like to have the biggest boobs in the world?  Right now.  I can do it if I get out.
No I don't.  I don't take orders from smurfs.
You've <u>got</u> to say it!
You were the snake!  Right?  I know.  I saw you.
Just <u>say</u> it.
God, you're anatomically correct!
It's spelled different, but basically... Now you said it twice; just one more time, and I'll be free.  And then <u>you'll</u> be free.
Your name is <u>Beetle Juice</u>?  Yecch! That's as bad as <u>Deee</u>lia <u>Deee</u>tz.
That's it!
I am <u>not</u>!  Beetle... Juice?
Good thing you are beautiful, kid. You are <u>dumb</u>!
Breakfast beetle?  Beetle?  Beetle fruit?  Fruit bat?  Fruit battle? Volkswagen?  Fruit wagon?
Good girrrl!
Beetle!
It means look <u>behind</u> you, bimbo.
I don't know what that signal means.
Your fingers are so small I can't see them.  First word -- two syllables.
No, dummy.  Two.
Three syllables.
Of course you do.
Yes.
Minor problem.  The rules.  I can't tell it to you.  But... do you know how to play charades?
I... I don't know what your name is.
I can't help you from this side, but here's how we do it.  So <u>simple</u>.  Say my name three times. That's all.  I'll be all yours. Then I'll bring you over here in style.
Yeah.
That's right.  They treat you like scum I bet?
Well, it can't be any worse than my life here.
Well, yes, of course.  It's great over here.  You'll meet all the greats.  James Dean.  Buddy Holly.  'The little things a you say and do... make me want to be with you-a-hoo.'
I think so.
You do?  Over here?  On <u>my</u> side?
I want to get in.
Sort of.  High spirit.  Heh heh. Listen, cookie, I've been trapped in this burg for hundreds of years.  All I want is to get out.
Are you a spirit too?
The happy hunting ground.  Who cares?
Where'd they go?
No, I mean they've gone. Decamped.  Split.  Vanished.
Of course they're dead.  They're ghosts.
Cookie, they are dead, dead, deadski.
They're dead.
Mr. and Mrs. Maitland?  I've come for the last time.  Where are you?  Barb...
It's too late, Charles.  I'm sorry.
Otho?
I am ashamed to say he is.  Look, nothing short of giving away free sacks of money would get him up here, Charles.  And Sarah?  Forget it.  You can't get her out of Bergdorf's with plastic explosives.
He's your cousin.
He's a cloven-hooved beast!
Otho, you've got to help me get Maxie Dean up here.  I have a deal that could make all of us very comfortable.
That's fine, Otho.  Just keep me out of it.  I am here to relax and clip coupons.  And goddamnit, I mean to do it.
Yes, of course you are.  Well, Otho had an intuition.  Call it a hunch -- that it was going to be a fabled monstrosity of a house.  And it certainly is.  Charles, you're lucky the Yuppies are buying condos, so you can afford what I'm going to have to do to this place. We are talking <u>from the ground</u> <u>ups'ville</u>!
Not these people!  They are ruthless!
They're probably guilty about what they did to me.
I think she's in with them.
Why not?
Just don't tell Lydia.
Let's hope he knows how to produce those damn ghosts for Max and Sarah... Because I've bought options on property all over town.  I need Max's financing...
Otho knows as much about the supernatural as he knows about interior decoration.
What's he going to do?  Viciously rearrange their environment?
Otho'll know what to do.
At least insofar as we have our first casualty.  Me.
I feel like we've been at war, Charles.
We're going to have a lot to do tomorrow... The Goodwill truck is coming, and whatever is up there in that attic goes away with it. Should have it fumigated too.  I saw a fly today.
Lydia, at your age, you are <u>so</u> <u>young</u>.  Charles, we need to call that awful Jane Butterfield tomorrow and get the key to the attic door.  Can't you find a way to hold back some of her commission?
There's only one Chinese restaurant in town, darling, the owners are Irish and Irish people happen to cook Cantonese.  They don't know better.
I can't believe that we're eating Cantonese.  Is there no Szechuan up here?  Hunan?
Otho, why didn't you just come in the door?
It's <u>Otho</u>!
Nonsense, everytime she says that, the paint peels, and some wild creature tries to kill us.
They're... not here anymore.
Otho, could you actually... do something with them?
I can't <u>bring</u> the ghosts.  They're not here!
I'll bring the wine... and the business plan.  And Lydia you'll bring the ghosts.
Delia will cook...
I cannot believe this.
Now, let's get back to business. I want to get Maxie Dean and Sarah up here immediately.  I can make history here!  I'm going to turn this sleepy little backward town into a leading supernatural research center... and amusement park.
Come on.  Leave their stuff alone.
Look at all that <u>parking</u>!
Listen, you guys.  These ghosts are really nice people.  I think we scared them off.  Let's just leave them alone.  Okay?
Answer your mother.
They're ghosts.  They do what they want.
The attic room is locked --
<u>This is not a joke</u>!  That sheet was full of ghosts.
Lydia, I don't know what it is with you and these pratical jokes, but --
Well this is... I mean, this is the weirdest --
... sheets.
Stepmother's...
Yes.  Except when you creep around in your mother's --
Dad.  Do you believe me?
Lydia.  What the hell is the point of my moving up here if you people won't let me relax?  Go help your mother.
Well I just wanted to tell you what I saw.
Darling, can't you see I'm relaxing in here!
I'm lonely.
What?
... asked you for something, didn't she?  I'm going down to relax.  I want a noise-free zone. Do you understand?  Noise free.
Stepmother.
Skeleton keys never work.  Anyway, this can wait.  We'll get a crowbar later.  Your mother...
Let me have it.
I was just trying to open the door.  Mrs. Butterfield brought over a skeleton key.
Lydia.  Try to be civil.  I'm going to see if I can set up a noise-free zone in the study.
Stepmother.  She's out torturing the movers.
Where is your mother?
Lydia, we're the first trickle! In a couple of years this whole town will be <u>filled</u> with people like us.
Yeah, maybe if he's nice, he'll let me hang myself from a rope in his barn.
My whole life is a darkroom!  One ... big... dark... room.
Lydia, relax.  We'll build you a darkroom in the basement.
Delia hates it.
What do you think, honey?
They're already dead.  They can't feel a thing.
Are they suffering?
Otho, can you do it?
I don't care from guilt.  I just want to <u>see</u> them.
Yeah yeah, we'll think on it. 'Bye ya, Charles.  You relax up there, ya hear?
Great idea, Maxie!  Those Japanese could <u>run</u> it for us.  Build them a dormitory in the woods.  Listen, think right about it, will you? We've almost got the house ready, you bring Sarah with you and I'll show you.
No listen... we'll talk about this visiting later, I gotta go, I gotta meeting on the Japanese joint venture.
Just a minute, Maxie.  Somebody...
No, no, c'mon, Max, you know me. I've got plans.  You gotta come up here and see, then I'll tell you about it.
Then we own a whole <u>town</u> full of nowhere.
Not <u>a building</u>!  That's the beauty of it.  I think I can buy the <u>whole town</u>.  These people don't know the value of their property!
I'm sorry already.
Lydia, I will never forgive you for embarrassing me in front of my social inferiors.  You help us with these ghosts or you'll be sorry.
It doesn't matter.  What matters is I've got a roomful of guests down there, who think I'm a fraud.  I am going to teach you something here Lydia.  You've <u>got</u> to take the right tone in things like this, or people -- whether they're dead or alive -- people will walk all <u>over</u> you.  Come on out, or I will make death so miserable that you will wish you had never <u>lived</u>!
Shhhh.  They didn't commit suicide.
All right, you dead people!  Come on out, or we'll break down this door and drag you out on the ropes you hanged yourself with!
Of <u>course</u> we weren't scared.  Just a little startled.  One of those sushi dropped down my Kamali.
I think the reason is they were trying to scare you, and you didn't get scared --
Tried to convince me that this house is haunted.  Kids.  Kids. Kids!  I love them.
It wasn't a joke.
Lydia tried to play a most amusing joke on me this afternoon.
I saw some ghosts.
Don't you <u>dare</u>.
Don't you <u>dare</u> talk to others about me.  I'm an <u>artist</u>!  The only thing that scares me is being embarrassed in front of my friends.  Do you know how hard it is to get civilized people to set foot in this part of Connecticut? Not a solitary word of this pubescent tripe to anyone.
I <u>told</u> them you were too mean to be afraid.
I can't believe you are doing this to me!  <u>Ghosts</u>.  I am giving a dinner party for seven people tonight.  Otho has agreed to come back for the demolition of the attic.  My agent, Bernard, is bringing some woman who writes for <u>Architectural Digest</u>.  In fact, no one here tonight has not been in <u>Vanity Fair</u>.  Except you.
Joke!  Joke!  Aspirin!  It doesn't matter what brand.
Any particular kind?
<u>You jerks</u>!  That is my art, and it is <u>dangerous</u>!  You think I want to die like that?  Lydia.  Moving is a family affair. So buckle down now and go get Mommy some drugs.
I say let's keep it the way it is.
We'll be <u>the</u> art center of summer New York.  I'll teach those phony gallery creeps to refuse my sculpture.  And when Otho and I get through with this house, you people are not going to recognize it.
This is our first meal in this house, Lydia.  Why don't we all do our little private parts to make it a pleasant one?
I plan to have a stroke from the amount of MSG that's in this food.
I don't know.
What's happening to them?
Oh, they're still here.  They're Just not showing up.
Are they still here, Otho?
Look at the tiny figures.
Look at that <u>detail</u>!
We're dealing with Tracy and Hepburn here, a very sophisticated pair.  We must protect them, treat them with respect, <u>nur</u>ture them.
It does indicate a marvelously urbane sense of humor on the part of these ghosts -- that they actually appear in <u>sheets</u>!
She's been without therapy up here and I will not allow her to ruin...
Oh, Delia, lighten up!
<u>No</u>!  Do not encourage this little... person.
Now, Lydia... Favor us about your ghosts.
Probably the world's largest <u>Reader's</u> <u>Digest</u> collection!  C'mon, let's have some chablis, Otho, I'm laid bare by this experience.  Entirely bare.
I have a feeling there's some very interesting space behind this door.
Maybe Charles does.
You don't have a key?
Let's see.  We could turn that into a media room.
Attic space.
'I' will tell you what is boring.  Once you cover up the wallpaper, knock down a few walls, alter the traffic patterns, and -- perhaps -- only perhaps -- think about an inground pool -- the place <u>might</u> just be livable.  What's on the third floor?
Oh, as long as we're here...
That's Charles' study.  But you don't have to even look in there. He'll love whatever you do to it.  He's such a sheep.
Is there much more of this torture?
Be brave!  Otho take care!  Onward!
Otho, I can<u>not</u> <u>live</u> with these cheap domestic floor tiles.
<u>I know</u>!  We just have to <u>pray</u> that the other closets are bigger than this one.
<u>Oh my God</u>!
Of course, her favorite color! How <u>beautiful</u>!
Blue-green!  Hydrated chromic oxide!  Remember I'm schooled in chemistry.  I was a hair analyst! Briefly.  Interior design is a <u>science</u>, Delia!  Think of me as Doctor Otho.  And this patient is truly <u>sick</u>!
Viridian?  What is...?
Viridian?
What do you think?
Gooood!
<u>I know</u>... I read your book, <u>The</u> <u>Haunted Tapestries of the Waldorf</u>.
You read my <u>mind</u>!  I love clients who can read my mind.  I don't think people realize how strong a connection there is between interior decoration and the supernatural.
Okay?
I thought I saw something.
What's wrong?
No time like the present, as my wicked stepmother used to say.
The rest of the house is probably worse.  When can you and I get started?
Is the rest of the house as bad as this?
I'm <u>so</u> glad you could leave the city to consult me, Otho.
That was the single most unattractive window treatment I have ever seen in the entire of my existence.
Well, I just placed a call to your mother.  She had stepped out but I have some news for her.
It's okay.  How's the dirt business?
Hellooo!  How's school?
Remind me to talk to your mother about the dress code.  I'm sure you're going to be very happy there.
Yes, but I'm going to live at home.
Are we going to be seeing you at Miss Shannon's Boarding School?
That's a skeleton key.  It'll open any door in that house.  Will you give it to your father?  And you might mention that I single-handedly decorated the house.  In case he needs advice in that area.  Come see me.
Is this the key to the attic?
What happened to the people who used to live here?
Well there's a Little Deetz at least.  Boy, when you city people do something, you do it right, don't you?
As flies the lizard Serpent fell; As goblin vizard, At the spell Of pale wizard, Sinks to hell; The buried, dead, and slain... Rise again.
<u>Adam</u>!  <u>Adam</u>!
Their wedding clothes.
Their wedding clothes.
I'll need something personal of theirs.
Wait a minute!  What am I worried about?  Otho, you can't even change a tire!
That's slavery and murder.  You don't know these people.  They're just like you and me.  They're nice people!
Perhaps if I were properly motivated.
The attic.
All presences have a home space. A place where they live, so to speak.  Where do they hide out?
Why not?
They don't want to come down.
My sentiments exactly.  Porcelain is for teeth!
Otho, that's terrible.
Hold your breath and we'll pull.
It's bad luck.  And I believe hugely in luck.
Yes, Robert - I am.  I'll go tell Eve about Ben now, Robert.
I see...  ... And you are really a gardener, aren't you?
Yes. I love Eve very much.
... You've become quite a close friend of Eve's - haven't you Mr...  ... Chance...?
Eve is going to stay. The house will not be closed.
In a day or two, yes.
Will you be leaving now, Robert?
Yes, I suppose that's true.
Yes, Robert. I have seen it before. It happens to old people.
... He's gone, Chauncey.
Oh, really?
Hell yes - walk. You're meeting the President, aren't you?
I would like to walk today.
Thank you, Robert.
... It's five of, you'd best get on in there.
How do I know when it's ten o'clock?
Why, that's terrific, Chauncey.
Yes, Ben told me to be in his room at ten o'clock.
He does, does he?
Yes. Ben called me. He wants me to meet the President.
... Oh? You've heard?
Yes, Robert. I know about the President.
... Oh.  ... My God, I only wish that Benjamin had your recuperative powers... Anyway, the President offered to sit in for Ben at the meeting, quite a nice gesture, I felt. He's due here soon, I believe.
No, Robert.
... Were you going somewhere?
Hardly any, Robert.
... Benjamin has been hounding me to allow him to address the annual meeting of his Financial Institute today, but obviously, the strain would be impossible... How about here, Chauncey, any soreness?
Yes, Robert. But it's not bad.
I swear, Chauncey, between you and Benjamin, I've got my hands full...  ... Say, that is coming along, the swelling has gone down considerably...  ... Any pain here?
Shame on you, Chauncey - you should let me be the judge of that.  Please, sit in the chair.
It's fine today, Robert.
Chauncey, there you are. What are you doing on that leg?
Yes, Robert. I will.
... And please call me Robert.
Yes, I will.
I'll send Wilson up to take you for X-rays, Mr. Gardiner. Feel free to use the telephone, and please let me know if you have any discomfort.
No.
Fine. Would you like me to speak to your personal physician?
Yes, I could stay here. Thank you.
Good, keep your weight off that leg, Mr. Gardiner. In fact, it would be best if you could stay here for a day or two, if that would be would be possible. Since Benjamin became ill we have our own hospital downstairs. I can promise you the finest in care, unless, of course, you would prefer to go elsewhere.
Thank you.
Oh, I see...  ... Well, then... You're a very funny man, Mr. Gardiner. You caught me off guard, I must admit...
There's no need for a claim, the garden is a healthy one.
Then you wish to handle this matter through your attorneys?
Yes.
An attorney?
Thomas Franklin, an attorney.
Thomas? Who's Thomas?
Claim...? ... Oh, claim, that's what Thomas asked me.
Yes. Are you planning on making any sort of claim against the Rand's?
... Straight out?
Just to take the proper precautions, Mr. Gardiner, I'd recommend we take you downstairs and X-ray your leg.  ... By the way, Mr. Gardiner, I would like to ask you something straight out.
Oh, fine.
You can pull your trousers up, now.
I see.
However, with injuries such as this, I have run into minor hemorrhaging, which really isn't too serious at the time, but can cause secondary problems if not looked after.
Yes. I think so, too.
It's good that there was no apparent damage to the bone.
But not for long...
You were wrong, it did hurt.
Now, you'll barely feel this. It won't hurt at all.
I understand. I've seen it done before.
The injection will ease the pain and swelling, Mr. Gardiner.
I know, Robert... But, strangely enough, I don't feel too bad about now... I feel all right... I guess it's easier... knowing Chauncey is here... to take care of things...
It's not good, Ben - I'm sure you can feel it.
No more, Robert... No more needles...
In a minute, Robert - in a minute... Chauncey, I would like to ask a favor of you...
And you, Benjamin, must be strong and brave for me. Turn over, please.
We have common foes, Chauncey - kid lawyers and our physician!
Some pain is to be expected...  ... And I think what would be best for the two of you is a good night's rest.  ... It's late, I'm afraid it's time for my patients to prepare for bed.
That is so true. You're different, Chauncey... Quite different than most men.
... No, of course you don't. Excuse me for being so presumptuous. No man knows everything about another man - however, very few are honest enough to admit it.
Of course! By kid-lawyers!
To everyone, I'm afraid. The Government controls are so restricting that the Medical Profession, as we know it, is being legislated out of existence.
I know exactly what you mean. Today the businessman is at the mercy of kid-lawyers from the SEC. All they want to do is regulate our natural growth! It's happening across the country!
I think we'd better go look for him.  David!
I do - we do - both of us, Ben and I feel so much for Chauncey...
You really care for him, don't you, Eve?
We have to find him, Robert - he could be lost, something may have happened, we can't leave him!
I wish he were here...
I don't think so, he should be along soon...
... Do you think we should look for him?
Chauncey is so sensitive... He was overcome with grief...
... He walked off...
He's resting comfortably now. There's no cause for alarm, yet...
... But he's...?
... Eve - this has been an exhausting day for Ben...
No, Eve... I'm sorry.
Good. It might be pleasant for a couple of days.  ... Robert... Is there any improvement...?
At times, yes. But that's not an uncommon reaction to such an accident. Actually, I found him to have quite a sense of humor.
He's very intense, and internal, don't you think?
How true. Mr. Gardiner may be a welcome change of pace.
Yes, he is different... Not the kind of person one usually meets in Washington.
Not necessary, but preferable. I don't think he'll be a bother, he seems like a most refreshing sort of man.
Stay here? Is that necessary?
A rather large contusion, but I don't feel there is any serious damage. I'd like to keep an eye on him, though - I suggested that he stay here for a couple of days.
I wanted some fresh air, Robert. How is Mr. Gardiner?
Good God, Eve - you'll freeze out here.
Certainly, glad to be of help.
Fine. Thank you, Mr. Franklin.
Of course, Doctor, I understand.
I see.  Mr. Franklin, I must ask you and Miss Hayes to keep this incident with Mr. Gardiner to yourselves. There's no telling what he was involved in, and the matter may be extremely confidential. So please, not a word.
Well, he said it was his, he walked us through it.
Hmmm. You say he showed you his garden?
Another thing that baffles me, Doctor - what was his connection with the deceased? Major financial dealings, obviously - but our firm has no record of any such transactions.
I have no idea...
... And he told us that he had been living there since he was a child, working as a gardener. He showed us a room in the garage, where he said he stayed, and I... Well, I didn't really believe him, of course - but why the act?
Gentlemen, needless to say, there is going to be a full Congressional investigation of your respective operations.  Good night.
Well, Mr. President... They don't quite know what to think.
And what do the boys around Intelligence think?
I don't think that's entirely true, Grover.
Very well... Can we rule out inefficiency...?
Gardiner is not a foreign agent, there are now sixteen countries investigating the man. We can rule that out.
Gentlemen, I didn't call you here at such an hour to make accusations, I just want to explore the possibilities. Now, I have three questions; Is the man a foreign agent? Or, have we suddenly found that our methods of gathering data are grossly inefficient? Or, thirdly, have the man's files been destroyed? Now, I'd like some answers.
Please, hold still, Mr. Gardiner.
I understand. I've never seen anything like this on television.
Well, I still don't believe I know the man, Mr. Gardiner. Now, hold still.
A Black man gave me the message.
Yes, sir.
Oh. I have a message for him.
No sir, I don't believe I do.
Do you know Raphael?
No. I like this attic very much.
Fine. They felt that since you had such close ties with the President, you would be a splendid choice.  ... Can I help you? Are you looking for something?
Yes. I would like to be on that show.
Of course. They would like you to appear on the show tonight. The Vice President was scheduled, but he had to cancel, and they asked if you would be interested.
Yes, I have seen that show on television.
Morton Hull, the producer of 'This Evening' just called.
Oh, yes.
Oh, Mr. Gardiner, I've been looking all over.
Yes.
Would you care to take it, sir?
Thank you.
Mr. Gardiner, I have a telephone call for you. Sidney Courtney, the financial editor of the Washington Post.
Yes. I've been looking for you, too, Eve.
Oh, Chauncey, darling... Where have you been? We thought we'd lost you - we've been looking all over!
Hello, Eve.
Chauncey! Chauncey!
That's very interesting, Eve.
Dearest, you uncoil my wants; desire flows within me, and when you watch me my passion dissolves it. You set me free. I reveal myself to myself and I am drenched and purged.
... But I've never done...  ... You mean...? When... When... When I do it? ... When I touch myself...?
Yes. It's very good, Eve.
... Is that all you want...?  ... To watch me...?
Yes. I like to watch.
To watch...? To watch me...?
I like to watch.
I just don't excite you at all... I don't know what you want... I don't know what you like...
Thank you.
... Come in, Chauncey - please come in...
Yes, Eve. Ben is very wise.
I feel so close to you, so safe with you, Chauncey...  ... And Benjamin understands that, dearest... He understands and accepts my feelings for you...
It must be the punch, and it is stuffy in here -- I feel it a little myself. You're an angel, my dear - thank God there are still men like you around to give aid and comfort.
He was very ill, I stayed with him for a while.
Upstairs? Chauncey, you're always involved in some sort of discussion...
No. I was with a man. We went upstairs.
Chauncey, where have you been? I was afraid you got bored and left, or that you were with some mysterious woman.
Hello, Dennis.
Chauncey, this is Mr. Dennis Watson of the State Department.
Yes.
Thank you, Eve.
I've never seen anyone handle the media as well as you, Chauncey. You're so cool and detached - almost as if you were born to it.
... I guess I may as well be honest about my feelings, Chauncey, as I know you are I am in love with you... I love you and I want you... And I know that you know it and I'm grateful that you've decided to wait until... Until...
Yes. That could be true.
I know you are, Chauncey...  ... You conquer a woman from within herself, you infuse in her the need and desire and the longing for your love.
Yes, Eve. I'm very glad that you didn't open.
... I'm grateful to you, Chauncey... I would have opened to you with a touch, and you know that...  ... But you're so strong - I can trust myself with you. I'm glad, Chauncey - I'm glad that you showed so much restraint...
Yes, Eve. I know that.
... You know, Chauncey... I want us to be...  I want us... You and I to become... close... I want us to become very close, you know...?
No, Eve. I like you to be here.
I know...  ... So are you, Chauncey ...  ... Do you mind my being here, like this?
I like the President. He is a very nice man.
Well, it seems you've been described as one of the architects of the President's speech. And your own comments from the 'This Evening' show are quoted side by side with the President's.
No, Eve. I don't read the papers.
Chauncey! Have you seen the papers?
Good night, Eve.
... Good night, Chauncey.
... I have very few friends, Chauncey... And Benjamin's friends are all quite a bit older...
I see.
Oh. Well, we can fix up one of Ben's for you tomorrow night. Sophie insists an Black Tie.
No, thank you.
... You don't happen to have a tuxedo in your suitcase, do you?
I know you do - you and your television...  ... Good luck, Chauncey.
That's good. I like to watch, too.
He's tired, Chauncey - but he's going to watch you tonight. We'll both be watching.
How is Ben feeling?
And Benjamin sends along his best wishes.
Thank you, Eve.
Chauncey, I just wanted to wish you well. I know you'll be smashing.
Hello, Eve.
Chauncey...
Yes, Eve. You'll be all right.
I'll be all right, Chauncey you go ahead with Mrs. Aubrey...
So am I, Eve.
... I'm...  ... I'm very grateful that you're here, Chauncey...  ... With us ...
Yes, so do we.
Oh, I like that very much.
Our greenhouse.
What is that?
Of course.
Oh, no. She brought me my meals.
Oh, his maid!... Stupid me, I thought perhaps she was someone that you may have been romantically involved with.
Yes. I liked Louise very much. She was his maid.
I'm sorry...  ... And what about Louise? YOU mentioned that she had gone, were you close to her also?
Yes. I was.
Forgive me, Chauncey - I didn't mean to pry. You must have been very close to him.
... Mentor...?
Oh, I see... Your mentor, perhaps?
He was a very wealthy man, he looked after me since I was young.
Was he a relative? Or an intimate friend?
Yes.
... Chauncey... Last night you mentioned an old man, that died.
Yes, he is. I'm sorry I didn't get to see him.
Fine. He's very nice.
Good. I'm glad to hear that.  ... How did you like meeting the President?
Yes. It's feeling much better now.
Your leg must be getting better.
Hello, Eve.
Chauncey!
Good night, Eve.
... Good night, Chauncey.
That's good.
... Why... No, I don't think so...
Yes. Are you going to leave and close the house when he dies?
He does...?
I like Ben very much... He reminds me of the Old Man...
Yes... I know, Chauncey.
Ben is very ill, Eve - I've seen that before.
... And Ben is just mad about you - you've lifted his spirits so - it's just... Well, it's just a real pleasure having you with us.
Thank you, Eve - I like this house very much.
Chauncey, I wanted to tell you how dreadful I feel about the accident today, but that I'm delighted that you are staying with us.
I am a very good gardener.
Oh, I know exactly what you mean. I sometimes enjoy puttering around myself, such a pleasant way to forget one's troubles.
No. I like it here.
I hope that staying here won't be an inconvenience for you.
No. The Old Man died and Louise left.
... Would you like us to notify anyone for you?
No. It won't do that.
Won't your injury prevent you from attending to business, Mr. Gardiner?
I admire that in a person. As for myself, I find there is so much to assimilate that it can become quite muddling at times...
Yes.
I can see that it must be very important for you to stay informed of all the latest events.
I like to watch. This is fine.
... I'll feel so relieved after Dr. Allenby examines your leg. After that, David can run you on home, or to your office or wherever you'd prefer...  ... Is there anything special you would like to watch?
Oh... Well, I'm very sorry...
Yes. I lost my remote control.
Did you lose something?
Oh. Well, they're just a wonderful couple, we've been friends for years. We visit their island quite often.
No, Eve. I'm not related to Basil and Perdita.
Oh... Mr. Gardiner... Mr. Chauncey Gardiner... You're not related to Basil and Perdita Gardiner are you?
No. I'm a gardener.
Pardon me, was that Mr. Chance?
My name is Chance.
May I ask your name?
Hello, Eve.
Oh, by the way - I'm Eve Rand.
Oh? Certainly...
I would like to watch television.
Yes. Thank you.
Would you care for a drink?
Fine, it will save a lot of unnecessary fuss and it will be so much more pleasant for you...  David, we'll just go on home. Jeffrey, would you call and let them know?
I agree.
Yes. My husband has been very ill. His doctor and nurses are staying with us. Those hospitals can be so impersonal - why, it might be hours before you are treated...
Your family doctor?
I see.  ... Say, would you mind seeing our family doctor?
It's feeling better, but it's still very sore.
... Why, yes, he is... Is your leg feeling any better?
Yes. He's a very careful driver.
These can be such trying situations everyone seems to make such a to-do over a simple little accident. Of course, they can be very frightening, and I must apologize for David, he's never had an accident before.
Yes. I am.
I hope you're comfortable.
Why, there certainly is. You must see a doctor, I insist on it. Please, let us take you.
There's no need for a hospital.
... Won't you let us do something for you? Your leg should be examined, we could take you to a hospital.
I have nothing more to say.
I see. Then one more quick question, Mr. Gardiner; since we at the Post would like to, uh - update our profile on you - what exactly is your business?
Yes, that is correct. I think you should ask Mr. Rand that.
Of course. But since he is ill I'm taking the liberty of asking you.
I think you should ask Mr. Rand that.
Good, sir. And so, it seems, did the President - but we would like to have some facts; such as, uh... What exactly is the relationship between yourself and that of the First American Financial Corporation?
The President is a nice person. I enjoyed it very much.
Then, I'll be brief. I covered the President's speech at the Financial Institute today, and since the Post would like to be as exact as possible, we would appreciate your comments on the meeting that took place between Mr. Rand, the President and yourself.
No. I'm not busy.
I'm sorry to disturb you, Mr. Gardiner, I know you must be very busy.
Hello, Sid.
Hello, Mr. Gardiner. This is Sid Courtney, Washington Post.
I'm glad you like it, Mr. Gardiner.
Yes. It's a very good show.
Do you realize, Mr. Gardiner, that more people will be watching you tonight than all those who have seen theater plays in the last forty years?
I see.
Of course, Mr. Gardiner, the fact that you occupy such a position in the world of finance makes you ideally suited to provide our millions of viewers with an explanation of this nation's economic crisis.
Hello, Morton.
Mr. Gardiner, I'm Morton Hull, the producer of 'This Evening.'
Your foot! Give me your foot!!
I see.
I don't want Robert.
Do you need a doctor? I could call Robert...
Really? Really!!!
Yes, I do, it's very good.
... Are you sure you like it?
Yes. It's very tiny, but it's good.
Do you like it?
Yes, very well, thank you.
Can you see well?
Thank you.
We must speak again, Mr. Gardiner, many times!
Yes, Eve. That would be good.
And yours, sir - Chauncey Gardiner!  How poetic! Chauncey, a name of uncertain meaning! And Gardiner, a bit of the French, a suggestion of a stroll through the flowers! A beautiful name, my friend!
Yes. I like that name very much.
Ho! Ho! A dash of American humor! Vladimar Skrapinov!
Yes, it is.  Would you tell me your name again, please?
Yes, it is very good!
Oh, good.
So you know your Krylov in Russian, do you? Mr. Gardiner, I must confess I had suspected as much all along - I know an educated man when I meet one!
So you know Krylov!
Do you think so? Do you think so?
Yes. Tell me, Mr. Gardiner - do you by any chance enjoy Krylov's fables? I ask this because there is something... there is something Krylovian about you.
I certainly do.
Bravo! Bravo! Our chairs are indeed almost touching! And we want to remain seated on them, correct? We don't want them snatched from under us, am I right? Because if one goes, the other goes, and then - boom! Boom! And we are both down before our time, you see? And neither of us wants that, do you agree?
We are not far...  ... our chairs almost touch.
And I have noticed in you a certain reticence regarding political issues - so why not a coming together? An interchange of opinion? We may find, my friend, that we are not so far from each other, not so far!
Yes, I understand.
To exchange our thoughts - what does a Russian know about business? On the other hand, what does an American know about diplomacy?
Yes, I agree, I think so too.
... Mr. Gardiner, I wish to be quite candid - considering the gravity of your economic situation, shouldn't we, the diplomats, and you, the businessman - get together more often?
Yes, so I've heard, a shame... As you know, we in the Soviet Union have the keenest interest in developments of the First American Financial Corporation... We are pleased to hear that you may fill Benjamin's place should he fail to recover.  Be seated, please, Mr. Gardiner.
Ben is very ill.
I'm sorry we haven't met sooner, Mr. Gardiner. I had the pleasure of seeing you on television last night and I listened with great interest to your down-to-earth philosophy. I'm not surprised that it was so quickly endorsed by the President.  ... Tell me, Mr. Gardiner, just how serious is Benjamin's illness? I did not want to upset Mrs. Rand by discussing it in detail.
Yes, Eve. I shall yield too.
Regretfully, Mrs. Rand - I shall yield the pleasure of your company to others.
How is my dear friend Benjamin feeling?
I agree.
You must sit with us, my friend, we have much to discuss.
... I've worked very hard and enjoyed my life... I've known success... and I've felt love... My associates, Chauncey - I've talked with them about you... They're eager to meet you... very eager to meet you... I'm very fond of you, Chauncey... And I understand Eve... Tell her that... tell her I'm madly in love with her...
Yes. I would like to do that.
She cares for you and she needs your help, Chauncey... there's much to be looked after...
A flower...
Let me feel the strength in your hand, Chauncey... Let me feel your strength...  Yes, that's good... I hope, Chauncey - I hope that you'll stay with Eve... Take care of her, watch over her, she's a delicate flower, Chauncey...
Oh, I see.
... I'm about to surrender the Horn of Plenty for the Horn of Gabriel, my boy...
Yes, Ben - are you going to die now?
... Chauncey... Chauncey...
Good. Together, the two of you should create quite a stir - I can already hear the gossip.
Yes. I would like to escort Eve.
Senator Rowley's widow, Sophie, is hosting an evening reception tomorrow evening honoring Ambassador Skrapinov of the Soviet Union... I think it's rather obvious that Robert won't allow me to attend, so - would you go in my place, and escort Eve?
Certainly, Ben.
And now, Chauncey, I'm afraid you must excuse me - I'm very tired all of a sudden.
Thank you, Ben.
And, please, Chauncey - don't rush your decision. I know you're not a man to act on the spur of the moment.
I understand.
Oh, sure you do, the financial assistance program. I think you might be just the man to take charge of such an undertaking. I'd like you to meet with the members of the Board, we'll be able to discuss the matter at greater length at that time.
No, Ben.
... You know, Chauncey, there's something about you... You're direct, you grasp things quickly and you state them plainly. You don't play games with words to protect yourself. I feel I can speak to you frankly... You know what I was talking to you about last night?
I'm glad he came, Ben. It was nice talking to the President.
He was quite impressed with your comments, Chauncey - he hears my sort of analysis from everyone, but yours, unfortunately - seldom if ever at all.
Yes, Ben - he is.
He's a decent fellow, the President, isn't he?
Yes. That is correct.
I think what my most insightful friend is saying, Mr. President, is that we welcome the inevitable seasons of nature, yet we are upset by the seasons of our economy.
... Maybe one day you shall find yourself in a similar position, Chauncey... Maybe one day...
I see, Ben.
Yes, when I was younger I had thoughts about public office... But I found, Chauncey - that I was able to contribute more as a private citizen... of course, my wealth provided me with considerable influence, but I've tried, believe me, not to misuse that power... It's extremely important, Chauncey, when one is in a position of eminence, that he does not allow himself to become blinded to the needs of the country... The temptations are strong, and I've been labeled a 'kingmaker' by many, but I have tried to stay open to voices of the people... I have tried to remain honest to myself...
Thank you, Ben.  ... The nurse did a very good job, Ben.
No one likes a dying man, my boy - because few know what death is. All we know is the terror of it. But you're an exception, Chauncey - that's what I admire in you, your marvelous balance. You don't stagger back and forth between fear and hope - you're a truly peaceful man.
I understand.
Hah! It's all make-up, Chauncey... I asked nurse Teresa to fix me up, I didn't want the President to think I was going to die during our talk.
You're looking much better today, Ben.
Well, that's good news, my boy.
Yes, Ben. My leg is not very sore.
Chauncey, up and around this morning, are you?
... Oh?  Robert, take a look, would you?
I could give it some thought, Ben, but my leg is very sore.
Reluctant to speak, eh, Chauncey? Well, I can understand that. When a man loses everything, anger has a tendency to block out reason for a time. Just give it some thought, work with the idea, I'm sure you'll have plenty to say in a few days.
No, Ben.
Yes, I'm sure it is. That's what they say, anyway.
It's a very pleasant room, Ben.
Now, wait a minute, Chauncey you are young, you are healthy, for God's sake don't give up on yourself! You have to fight! You can't let those bastards keep you down! I don't want to hear any more from you about the 'Room Upstairs'. That's where I'm going soon.
But I don't have that any more...  ... All that's left for me now is the room upstairs.
Bravo!
Thank you, Ben. The garden that I left was such a place. Everything which grew there was with the labor of my own hands. I planted seeds and watered them and watched everything grow.
A gardener! Well put, Chauncey excellent! Isn't that what a businessman is? A gardener? A person that makes flinty soil productive with the labor of his own hands, who waters it with the sweat from his own brow, and who creates a place of value for his family and community? Yes, Chauncey, what a brilliant metaphor -- yes, indeed, a productive businessman is a laborer in his own vineyard.
I see. I would like to work in your garden.
Do we have a garden? Hah! Tomorrow, Chauncey, you will see our gardens.
And I'm Ben.
Yes. Chauncey is fine.
That's good, Mr. Gardiner. Or may I call you Chauncey?
What'd I tell you? Kid-lawyers! The S.E.C.! Damn them!
Yes. Shut down and locked by the attorneys.
Oh. When you say 'Your house has been closed', you mean to say that your business was shut down?
No, thank you. My house has been closed.
... So am I, my boy - so am I.
Yes. I am very hungry.
... You will join us for dinner, won't you, Mr. Gardiner?
I agree.
... We're prisoners, Mr. Gardiner - we're prisoners of tubes and technology.
Yes. You look very sick.
Failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells... Not a damn thing they can do about it. Oh, they can make me comfortable, prolong my life with steroid therapy and transfusions... And what makes my blood boil, what little I have left, that is, Mr. Gardiner - is that it's generally a young person's disease... Here I am, getting on in years and about to die of a young person's disease...
Yes. I like that very much.
Sure you do. This ward is air tight, I have a little extra oxygen pumped in, keeps my spirits up.
I feel very good in here.
... I see.
Welcome to Rand Memorial Hospital, Mr. Gardiner.
Oh, you can tell her later. She'll never miss you in this crowd.
Yes.
Tell Eve? You mean Mrs. Rand?
I want to tell Eve.
Well, if that's what you want, then I want it too.  We can go this way.
Yes. I like to watch very much.
Watch? You mean just watch me? Doing it alone?
I like to watch.
We could do it now, we can go upstairs.  ... Please, it's time for us. Come upstairs.
What sort of bed is it?
Sure you do! No one reads!... Listen, book publishing isn't exactly a bed of roses these days...
Yes. I like to watch.
Of course not! No one has the time to read! One glances at things, watches television...
I can't read.
Of course, who can nowadays? I have trouble writing a post card to my children! Look, we could give you a six figure advance, provide you with the very best ghostwriter, research assistants, proof readers...
I can't write.
Mr. Gardiner, my editors and I have been wondering if you'd consider writing a book for us? Something on your political philosophy. What do you say?
Hello, Ronald.
Mr. Gardiner, I'm Ronald Stiegler, of Harvard Books.
Oh, Mr. Rand, of course. Right this way, sir.
Yes, I would like to see Ben.
... Did you wish to see someone, sir?
Yes.
... Sir?
Yes. I would like to go to Rand Memorial Hospital.
May I help you, Mr. Gardiner?
Good day, Sally.
Good day, Mr. Chance.
Yes. I have seen styles on television.
It is quite amazing how those clothes have come back into style.
I am allowed to go to the attic and select any of the Old Man's suits. They all fit me very well. I can also take his shirts, shoes and coats.
No.  That's where Joe fixed the bricks.
Might you have a birth certificate, Mr. Chance?
No.
How about taxes, Mr. Chance, surely you must have paid taxes?
... Oh.
Yes. Of men and women.
Some pictures...?
I never needed money.
What about money?
Oh. Thank you.
Your appearance doesn't suggest that at all, Mr. Chance.
Yes.
... Then you really are a gardener?
Yes.
Mr. Chance, I'm very pleased to meet you.
Yes sir. I'll take care of that.
... My suitcase.
Very good.
... Yes. You can take me.
I assure you, sir, David is a very careful driver. Please, won't you let us take you?
I've never ridden in an automobile.
Please, sir.
Yes.
It's starting to swell, is it painful?
Of course. I would like to look.
Let's have a look, do you mind?
I agree.
I don't think we should call anyone just yet, it may not even be all that serious.
It's very sore.
Can you walk? It's not broken, is it?
No. I'm not badly injured. But my leg is very sore.
This is terrible, sir -  I hope you're not badly injured...
... Yes sir - elevator!
... Hmmm... Elevator.
Yes. It seems to be.
Yes sir, I guess that's true smallest room in the house.
... That is a very small room.
How long? I don't know, see what the doctor says ...
How long do we stay in here?
I see.
No - but Mr. Rand does have one with an electric motor, that way he can get around by himself.
Does it have a television?
You're gonna need somebody, someone's gotta be around for you, boy...  ... You oughta find yourself a lady, Chance...  But I guess it oughta be an old lady, 'cause you ain't gonna do a young one any good, not with that little thing of yours...  ... You're always gonna be a little boy, ain't you?  ... Goodbye, Chance...
Yes.
... Well, ain't you the gentleman this mornin'...  ... gotta go now, Chance...
I'm going to work in the garden.
Well, no more stewin' those prunes every mornin', that's somethin', I guess...  ... what are you goin' to do now, Chance?
Yes, I'm very hungry.
Oh, Lord, Chance - I don't know what I was expectin' from you... I'm sorry for yellin' like I did... No sir, I just don't know what I was expectin' ...  ... I 'spose I'd better gather up some breakfast for you...
Yes. It is.
Well, ain't that the truth...
Yes, Louise. I have seen it often. It happens to old people.
Dammit, Boy! Is that all you got to say? More gobbledegook?  That Old Man's layin' up there dead as hell and it just don't make any difference to you!
... Yes, Louise, it's snowing in the garden today. Have you looked outside and seen the snow? It's very white.
Then I got the hell out of that room and called the doctor and I think I woke him probably, he wasn't any too alert. He just said, 'Yeah, he's been expectin' it and said he'd send somebody over...' Lord, what a mornin'!
Yes. I've seen that done.
Must of happened durin' the night, I don't know... Lord, he wasn't breathin' and as cold as a fish. I touched him, just to see, and you believe me, Chance - that's doin' more than I get paid to do... Then I just covered him up, pulled the sheet over his head...
... I see.
He's dead, Chance! The Old Man's dead!
Good morning, Louise.
Is his back feeling better?
... Back up those stairs - damn... That Man's needin' me more and more just before he never needs me again...
I'm afraid he's slippin' a bit with every hour that goes by...
I see.
... The Old Man is getting weaker, Chance.
... Good evening, Louise.
... Evening, Chance.
I am a very serious gardener.
I'm sorry to say that our time is running short, but before we close, I'd like to ask one final question. What sort of gardener, sir, would you be?
Thank you.
Well, Mr. Gardiner, from the sound of our audience, I'd say that your words are a most welcome respite from what we've been hearing from others...
Yes. We need a very good gardener.
Don't we need a leader capable of guiding us through the seasons? The bad as well as the good?
Yes, I know the garden very well. I have worked in it all my life. It is a good garden and a healthy one; its trees are healthy and so are its shrubs and flowers, as long as they are trimmed and watered in the right seasons. The garden needs a lot of care. I do agree with the President; everything in it will grow strong, and there is plenty of room in it for new trees and new flowers of all kinds.
Well, let me rephrase the question; the President compared the economy of this country to a garden, and stated that after a period of decline a time of growth would naturally follow. Do you go along with this belief?
Yes.
I know that, Mr. Gardiner.
Yes. I was there with Ben.
Come now, Mr. Gardiner, before his speech at the Financial Institute the President consulted with you and Benjamin Rand, did he not?
Which view?
Fine, then let's get started. The current state of our country is of vital interest to us all, and I would like to know if you agree with the President's view of the economy?
No. I don't object.
Yes... Of course, you know, Mr. Gardiner, that I always prefer an open and frank conversation with my guests, I hope you don't object to that.
I hope so.
... Well, your anonymity will be a thing of the past from now on.
Yes. That is surprising.
I always find it surprising, Mr. Gardiner, to find men like yourself, who are working so intimately with the President, yet manage to remain relatively unknown.
You're welcome.
I'd like to thank you for filling in on such short notice for the Vice President.
Yes.
Mr. Gardiner, how very nice to have you with us this evening.
I think you do, Mr. Chance. However, I will reiterate, this house is closed and you must leave...  Call me if you change your mind about signing.  C'mon, Sally - let's grab a bite...
Move out? I don't understand, Thomas.
Very well, Mr. Chance - if you insist on dragging this matter on... But I must inform you this house will be closed tomorrow at noon. If indeed, you do reside here, you will have to move out.
Correct.
But you won't sign, correct?
I have no claim, Thomas.
Come now, Mr. Chance.
No, Thomas. I don't know how to sign.
Good. That's good. Then if you would please sign a paper to that effect.
I'm fine, Thomas. The garden is a healthy one. There is no need for a claim.
Mr. Chance, assuming what you say is the truth, I would like to know what sort of claim you are planning to make against the deceased's estate.
I would like to stay and work in my garden.
What are your plans now, Mr. Chance?
Yes, I understand.
Mr. Chance, the fact remains that we have no information of your having any connection with the deceased.
The Old Man gave me nice television sets, this one has remote control.  He has one just like it.
No, Thomas. I have never been in an automobile.
... Do you drive this, Mr. Chance?
No, I don't think so. And I have planted and shaped all the hedges, and in the springtime you will be able to see my flowers.
Are you related to the deceased, Mr. Chance?
Those trees were very young when I first arrived.
No, Thomas. But I have seen the Army on television.
Have you served in the Army?
You have me, I am here. What more proof do you need?
... We shall need some proof of your having resided here, Mr. Chance.
Yes, Thomas, that is correct. Then he stopped visiting my garden.
Come now, Mr. Jennings had been bedridden for thirty-five years, since he fractured his spine.
Yes and the Old Man used to come to my garden. He would read and rest there.
Mr. Chance, that was twenty-seven years ago.
Yes. I remember when he came. He was very fat and had short hair and showed me some pictures from a funny little book.
1952...?
Joe Saracini. He was a mason that did some repairs on the brickwork at the rear of the house. That was in 1952.
... Joe? Who's Joe?
I have no need for a doctor or dentist. I have never been ill. I have never been allowed outside of this house, and, except for Joe, I have never had any visitors.
Then how about medical records? Could you give us the name of your doctor, or your dentist?
No, I do not have any of those.
Mr. Chance, perhaps you could show us some identification with your address -- a Driver's License, a credit card, checkbook?
I was given meals, and a home...
How were you paid?
Compensated...?
How were you compensated for these duties you say you performed?
No.
Do you have any proof of your employment, Mr. Chance - any checks from the deceased, any contracts or documents?
Yes, Thomas. I have always been here. I have always worked in the garden.
Since you were a child?
Ever since I can remember, since I was a child.
... How long have you been living here?
Yes. It's very cold outside today, isn't it, Thomas?
You live here?  ... We don't have any record of that.
I live here.
... You've quite a sense of humor, Mr. Chance - but all kidding aside, may I ask just what you are doing here?
I see...
Louise?... The maid?...  But she should have left earlier today...
Yes. Louise will bring me lunch.
Your lunch? You have a luncheon appointment here?
Yes. I'm waiting for my lunch.
... Are you waiting for someone? An appointment?
Yes, Thomas - I understand.
... We're with Franklin, Jennings and Roberts, the law firm handling the estate.
... The gardener?  ... Yes, of course... Mr. Chance, this is Ms. Hayes.
Hello, Thomas... I'm Chance, the gardener.
Wonderful, we'll all look forward to seeing you.  Is Eve around? I'd like to say hello.
Yes. I will.
... You will honor me and my family with a visit, won't you?
Yes. It has.
... Spring and summer...  Yes, I see... Fall and winter.  Yes, indeed...  Could you go through that one more time, please, Mr. Gardiner?
That is correct. In a garden, growth has its season. There is spring and summer, but there is also fall and winter. And then spring and summer again...
... In the garden?
As long as the roots are not severed, all is well and all will be well in the garden.
Do you agree with Ben, Mr. Gardiner? Are we finished? Or do you think we can stimulate growth through temporary incentives?
Now, Ben, did you happen to get a chance to...
Yes, I will.
Well, Mr. Gardiner, that's just fine with me - I'm a man that appreciates a frank discussion... Be seated, please, Mr. Gardiner...
... Oh, really...
You look much taller on television, Mr. President.
... Hello.
Good morning, Mr. President.
I said - try again.
Sid, it's useless!
Try again.
Sure, try again - where? There's nothing, it's like he never existed!
Try again.
... Sid, be reasonable - I've been everywhere, there's no place left to check!
... I realize this sounds banal but there is no information of any sort on Gardiner. We have no material on him - zilch...
... Skip the levity, Kinney - what have you got?
... Nothing.
... Gardiner is laconic, matter-of fact. The scuttlebutt is that he's a strong candidate for one of the vacant seats on the board of First American. But before we can do any sort of a piece on the man, we're going to need facts on his background...  ... Kinney, what did you come up with?
... Thank you, Chauncey... Thank you very much.  ... All right, Robert, I'm all yours.
... Ben, really...
That's good... That's good.
... Yes, I am, Ben.
I'm becoming quite attached to Chauncey - quite attached...  ... And so are you, aren't you, Eve.
Do you need a secretary?
Oh. I'm very sorry. Well, if you have any need for any of our facilities, please do not hesitate to ask.
Hah!... Tell me the truth, Eve - if I wait until I feel better, will I ever meet the man?
Do you feel well enough for that?
Reasonable? Good, I'd like to meet a reasonable man. Why don't you ask this Gardiner to join us for dinner?
Oh, it wasn't all that bad, darling. We were fortunate that Mr. Gardiner turned out to be so reasonable.
I may be a shut-in, but I do not lack for news. I'm sorry you had to go through all that.
You heard?
No, it's been a good day - better than yours, from what I've been told.
No headaches?
Tired... And I'm getting tired of being so tired. Other than that, I'm doing very well.
Oh, Ben - I miss you so when I'm out... How are you feeling?
I'll see you after the doctor has a look at your leg, Mr. Gardiner.
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you, Greta.  I'll be with Mr. Rand if I'm needed.
Thank you, Wilson. That will be fine.
I shall take the gentleman to the third floor guest suite, ma'am. Dr. Allenby is standing by.
Good evening, Wilson.
Good evening, Mrs. Rand.
Would you two excuse me for a moment?
Come on, Eve. Let's let the men talk, there are so many people that have been asking about you.
Chauncey, this is Mrs. Sophia Rowley.
Oh, I've been just dying to meet you, Mr. Gardiner!
Sophie, this is Chauncey Gardiner...
And look who you brought with!
Hello, Sophie.
Eve, child! How nice of you to come.
Of course... I'm so sorry for you, Eve...
I can certainly understand that...
It's not that, I just...
It's your damn job. It never happened when you were a senator...
Oh, no, sweetheart - it's not you...
... Is it me? Is there something I've done?
No, that won't do any good.
... Maybe you should talk to somebody, darling.
Yeah... I'll have a talk with him as soon as...
Well, I think Jack needs some time alone with you, darling... He's getting to that age, you know... He really misses you...
Huh... I'm glad they're along with her, if you know what I mean... How about Jack?
Oh. Well, I just talked to Cindy this morning. She loves California, but to quote her, she says, 'The Secret Service is getting to be a drag.' I guess she wants her privacy...
... How are the kids getting along?
Well... He's either very, very bright or very, very dense - he's hard to figure...  ... Let's just keep everything legal.
... It's very bizarre - I don't know what to think...
... Yeah...
I really don't know, Tom - he seems so honest and simple... In a way, he's quite charming...
... What do you make of all this?
Gladly...  ... The safe is in Mr. Jennings' bedroom, that'll be stop number one.
... Would you take me on a tour?
Yeah... He and my father used to ride together back in the thirties... Fox hunting... Before I was born...
... This is another world, Tom - I never would have believed it...
I said good night!
Look, Johanna...
Good night.
Sally Hayes is not a bitch - she's a damn fine attorney! I've got to talk to her about this Gardiner...
... Business, bullshit! Going out in the middle of the night to meet that bitch in a bar...
He does talk like one, but I think he's brilliant.
No! He's a real gardener!
Yes, Chauncey Gardiner.
It's that gardener!
Very good, Your Excellency.
Hmmm... Take this down.  I want this quote included in the Tass coverage; 'Chauncey Gardiner, in an intimate discussion with Ambassador Skrapinov, noted that "Unless the leaders of the opposing political systems move the chairs on which they sit closer to each other, all of their seats will be pulled from under them by rapid social and political changes."'
Clearly, yes comrade.
I see. Clearly, such interest on their part is of great political significance.
Apparently the White House shares our curiosity - they have also launched an investigation, and, according to our sources, neither the F.B.I. nor the C.I.A. has met with success.
But... Where was this man Gardiner before last week?
There is no information available on the man before he moved into Benjamin Rand's. It has proven to be such a difficult task that it has resulted in the loss of one of our agents to the United States Government.
What do you mean there is nothing? That's impossible.
Sorry, Comrade Ambassador.
Quietly, please. Mr. Gardiner, for one, understands our language.
We have nothing on him, Ambassador Skrapinov.
Yes? What have you found?
Yes, chief - eight other foreign powers have put Gardiner under surveillance. We're around-the clock now, sir - I'll keep you posted.
Good. Anything else?
We have word that the Soviets have put out a top priority alert for information on Gardiner's background. So far, they haven't come up with a thing - what's more, as a result of their eagerness, one of their ablest agents blew his cover, we have him in custody at this time.
Oh? What?
Sorry to disturb you, chief but we have new developments.
I would appreciate that.
Well, sir - it occurred to us that he might be an agent of a foreign power. But, we ruled that out, as they invariably are provided with too much documentation, too much American identity... We, uh...don't quite know what to make of it yet, sir... But we'll keep on top of it, Mr. President - we'll come up with the answer.
... So what does all that add up to?
Yes, sir.
I'd like to hear that data, Kaufman.
Well, we do have data from Honeycutt's sources, Chief - but it isn't pertinent.
What the hell are you talking about, Kaufman?
We... uh, have been unable to come up with any information before the man appeared at Mr. Rand's home ... and, uh...
So...? Where the hell is it?
Right, Chief.
This information goes back three days. I want the standard file, you know that.
No, sir.
This is not what I requested.
Right, Chief.
I do not want Benjamin Rand disturbed! You have other ways of gathering information than to trouble a dying man. Use whatever agencies are necessary to put together a detailed history of Chauncey Gardiner, if you run into problems, alert Honeycutt.  I'll be in the office at seven in the morning and I would like to have it at that time.  I've got to take a leak.
Yes, Mr. President, we attempted to contact Mr. Rand, but he was too ill to...
He's an advisor and close personal friend of Rand's! For Christ sakes, they have volumes of data on Benjamin!
Yes, sir - we are aware of all that, but still, we haven't been able to...
... Gentlemen, I quoted this man on national television today he is obviously a financial sophisticate of some reknown.
No problem, Chief.
And put it through on a Code Red - I want it as soon as possible.
Gardiner, yes, sir.
Kaufman, I'm going to need information on Mr. Chauncey Gardiner's background.
Let us toast to the success of the coup.
Thank you, Colonel.
You have proven that already, Comrade Skrapinov, you are to be congratulated for recognizing the importance of this man and establishing an early friendship.
Big business. I could work with that faction quite nicely, Colonel Novogrod.
That is correct, Comrade Skrapinov. We have ascertained that Gardiner heads a big-business power group that will soon be taking over the American government.
A coup d'etat! Of course, that was foreseen by Lenin himself!
But we are quite certain, comrade, that this man Gardiner is a leading member of an American elitist faction planning a coup d'etat.
That could be possible...
The rank-and-file in the FBI feel he is FBI, but others feel he is a CIA man who knows how to destroy FBI files.
Mr. Gardiner...
You take care too, Bobby.
Take care of yourself, Ben.
You're right, Mr. President I don't like feeling sorry for myself.
Now, Ben, I won't have any of that. Why don't you listen to your good friend Chauncey this is a time to think of life!
Nonsense, Mr. President - I thank you for coming to spend time with a dying man.
I'm sorry, too. Well, Nancy wanted me to send along her best to the two of you - and, Ben, I want to thank you for your time and thoughts.
No, she flew up to Boston for another charity event. She'll be sorry to have missed you.
I'm afraid so.
It's that serious, huh?
... There is no longer any margin for inflation, it has gone as far as it can, you've reached your limits on taxation, dependence on foreign energy has reached a crisis, and, from where I see it, Mr. President, the Free Enterprise System has reached the breaking point. We are on the brink of another crash from which recovery might not be possible.
That's too big a risk, I can't take the chance.
I sympathize with your position, Mr. President, I know how difficult it is to be straightforward, the reaction to such a speech could be chaos.
Well, Ben... I...
Overall - pretty good. But, Mr. President, I think it's very dangerous to resort to temporary measures at this stage of the game.
... Well?
Yes, I did.
I just wondered if you had gone over my speech, Ben.
Mr. Gardiner, my pleasure.
Mr. President, I'd like you to meet my dear friend, Mr. Chauncey Gardiner.
Well, I'm delighted to be here, my friend. I've missed you.  Here, sit down, get off your feet.
I'm not convinced of that, Mr. President, but your visit has raised my spirits...
It's so good to see you too, Ben, you look terrific!
... Mr. President, how good to see you.
Ben!
... and I want to show off his skills by performing a one-puppet extravaganza in Reno.
Oh yeah, he's good.
I'm being controlled by the world's greatest puppeteer, Craig Schwartz...
Okay.
I'll get right to the point, Larry. I'm a puppet now...
This is my fiancee Maxine.
John! Great to see you! Sorry about the cunt at reception.
Yeah, okay.
I'm pretty sure it was you. Hey, could I get your autograph now? It's for .... oh, what the hell, it's for me! I'm your biggest fan!
I don't know.
Who am I thinking of?
I never played a jewel thief.
The one where you're that jewel thief.
Thank you.
Malkovich!
Malkovich.
John Makel...
Yeah.
Say, aren't you that actor guy?
Oh, I will, and I have many, many friends and associates, my friend. All, by the way, in Overeaters Anonymous. All of them fat and alone like me, all of them dream of being someone else, all of them with John Malkovich as their second choice!
Tell your friends.
Oh, thank you! Thank you! Thousand times, thank you!
Oh, this is just the medical breakthrough I've been waiting for. Are their any side effects? Please say no! Please say no!
Exactly that. We can put you inside someone else's body for fifteen minutes.
When you say, I can be somebody else, what do you mean exactly?
Please, have a seat.
Hello, I'm here about the ad.
Sure. We could really use a farmer. We'd be grateful for the help.  Also, I think, you know, if you wouldn't mind too terribly, a little puppet show every once in a while, would do a lot to lift our spirits. You know, if you wouldn't mind too terribly.
I'd like to be a farmer. I want to help things grow, to encourage life. Do you and your friends need a farmer?
I know.
I'm through with puppets, Lotte. I just want you to know that.
People make mistakes.
You'll have me, after all I've done to you?
I don't know. There's a small community of us. We have a place they don't know about. We're happy. We'll keep trying to figure out a way. Come stay with us. Join the struggle.
I suppose. But they got here first, the lousy bastards. So now it's all over, I guess.
You saw it once. Now you see it again. That's life, isn't it? And you were up here to try the same thing, weren't you?
And yourself too in the process. God, you're so beautiful. Why couldn't I see that before?
Yeah. I was going to kill him from the inside.
You came up here looking for the portal?
It's okay, Craig. It all worked out, in an odd sort of way.
I'm sorry for everything.
A better friend.
Oh, right. As long as you're happy. I'm sure he's a better lover than I ever was.
The monkey.
The iguana?
It's Elijah.
He's a lucky man.  Do I know him?
I'm in love. For the first time. It's funny, but when it happens to you, there's no question.
I'm so glad you're safe. You look really wonderful.
My God!
I love you so much.
You're not a monster, Craig. Just a confused man.
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry. I'm some kind of monster. I'm the guy you read about in the paper and go, "he's some kind of monster."
I need a shower.
Perhaps you're right. I can't let you go though. Too much has happened. You're my ace in the hole.
Maybe this is what you've always been, Craig, you just never faced it before.
That's true. Oh, God, Lotte, what have I become? My wife in a cage with a monkey. A gun in my hand. Betrayal in my heart.
You didn't do anything about it out of respect for the fact that she wouldn't let you near her with a ten foot pole, which is, by the way, about nine feet, nine inches off the mark anyway.
Yeah but I didn't do anything about it. Out of respect for our marriage.
You fell in love with her first.
Things change. Anyway, you gave up your claim to that love the first time you stuck your dick in Maxine.
Once this was a relationship based on love. Now you have me in a cage with a monkey and a gun to my head.
I'm a puppeteer.
What's that?
Ah, but you're forgetting one thing, Lambchop.
It'll never happen, fuckface.
It was lovely being you being Malkovich, my dear. I'd never seen the passionate side of sweet Maxine before, or her actual tits for that matter. If only, I've been thinking to myself, if only I could actually feel what Malkovich feels, rather than just see what he sees... And then, dare I say it, if only I could control his arms, his legs, his pelvis, and make them do my bidding.
What the hell, darling. Close early today, live dangerously.
Tell her, what the hell, close early today, live dangerously.
You bastard.
Tell her you need to see her.
Shut up!
Suck my dick!
Yeah, well welcome to the nineties.
I'm your Goddamn wife. Once you vowed to cherish me forever. Now you hold a gun to my head?
I feel that somehow my parents never prepared me to make this particular decision. Not that I blame them. How could they know? Today's world is so complicated.  No. I have to go away now. I'm sorry, Lotte. I'm so sorry.
Sometimes we're forced to make hard decisions.  I'd like for us to stay together, Craig. You know, platonically, if that's possible. I truly value our friendship.
Life is confusing, isn't it?
I'm sorry. That was nasty.
Well, you have the Maxine action figure to play with.
Don't forget me.
Me and John.
We?
We love her, Craig. I'm sorry.
And he was with her.
Yes.
You were him last night, weren't you?
We wish.
Fuck Maxine.
What about Maxine?
Us, of course.
What's that?
I'm giving them up. I've changed. I've found a new focus.
You've always loved the animals.
You've always hated the animals.
No they're not.
I'm getting rid of the animals. I've lost interest. Besides, they're standing between you and me.
What?
I'm getting rid of the fucking animals.
You should feed your animals. They're looking peaked.
Nothing. Don't go, Craig. I've been thinking. Let's try to work this out. We've got so much history.
I'm moving. Remember? What's with the hooded cloak?
What are you doing?
After dinner I'll show you my puppets.
Did you know that Eskimos have not one, but fifty words for snow. It's because they have so much of it.
It'll be okay. I'll fix my lasagna. Well smoke a joint.  Tensions will melt away.
I don't know. There's some tension between us. I'd hate to expose you to that.
You're right. You know I was thinking that we should have Maxine over for dinner. Since you two are partners and all. It might be a nice gesture.
You see, men can feel unfulfilled, too. I'm glad you're realizing that. You shouldn't be so quick to assume that switching bodies would be the answer to all your problems.
Oh, you know, not a lot. Just hanging around his apartment. I think he must be a lonely man.
So how was it? What was he doing?
Don't crowd me, Craig.
Why?
I have to go back tonight. At eight Exactly.
How was it?
This is absurd. Besides Feldman's an allergist. If you're going to do something, do it right.
Everything felt right for the first time. I need to go back to make sure, then if the feeling is still there. I'm going to speak to Dr. Feldman about sexual reassignment surgery.
What, are you nuts? That's Oprah talking.
I've been going over and over my experience last night. It was amazing.  I've decided I'm a transsexual. Isn't that the craziest thing?
Why aren't you at work?
Fuck pets. Is this your partner? I had to come back and do the Malkovich ride again. Fuck everything else. Is this her?
Lotte! Why aren't you at the pet shop?
Tomorrow. We're late for Lester.
I was, wasn't I?  I was John fucking Malkovich!  Take me back, Craig.
You weren't you. You were John Malkovich.
I have to go back, Craig. Being inside did something to me. All of a sudden everything made sense. I knew who I was.
We'll talk about it in the car.
I have to go back now.
Okay. Maybe tomorrow.
I have to go back.
I'm scared.
I'll meet you on the turnpike.
Yeah. We'll do it right now. On the way to Lester's house.
Now?
Well, you know we're going to be very busy tomorrow. I'll tell you what. Let's do it tonight. Right now.
I want to be John Malkovich. Tomorrow morning. Plus I'd like to meet this partner of yours.
What?
I want to try.
Brain. soul, I'm telling you, Lotte. I was right inside him looking out. We're going to be rich.
Don't be ridiculous. There is no such thing as a portal into someone else's brain.
'kay.
All right. I'll be in my workshop for a little while. I'll be in in a little while. I need to unwind a little.  I'll be in soon. A little while.
No thanks. I'm going to turn in.
Yeah. You want a beer?
I dressed the wound. Then I've just been feeding everyone, putting everyone to bed.
Right.
The iguana.
The ferret?
Tom-Tom's puncture wound is infected.
I'm sorry. How was your evening?
I was worried.
Nah. I'm not hungry. I'm sorry I didn't call. It was just, you know, hard to get away.
Did you eat?
Sorry, I'm so late. Lester just wouldn't let me go. Were supposed to have dinner with him on Friday. I can get us out of it if you want. He's really amazing, this insane old lech. It's actually sort of amusing when you get past just how disgusting it is.
Hi.
Hi.
Just an idea I had.
She's very beautiful.
Yeah, just an idea I had.
Hmmm.
Some sort of childhood trauma, she thinks. Possible feelings of inadequacy as a chimp. Interesting, huh?
Hmmm.
They'll understand. Besides I've got a morning appointment tomorrow with Elijah's shrink. We're getting to the bottom of this acid stomach.
We have to make it an early night.
Seven-ish
Adorable. What time are they supposed to be here?
Isn't that cute? I just taught her that.
I... puppeteer.
Why, Craig. why?
I'm a puppeteer.
Why'd you do it, Craig?
May 11th.
Is the trial date set?
Yeah. Okay.
The monkey.
Which one is Elijah again?
Would you check in on Elijah? He seems to be a little under the weather this morning.
What?
Craig, everyone can't be Derek Mantini.  Well, grub worms are waiting. Do me a favor?
The Great Mantini doesn't need a day job.
Well, you know, maybe something else until this whole puppet thing turns around.
We've been over this. Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate.
Craig, listen, honey, I've been thinking... maybe you'd feel better if you got, you know, a job or something.
Enjoy.
Gotta run. Shipment of grub worms coming in first thing.
Morning.
It's my head, Schwartz, and I'll see you in court!
With all respect, sir, I discovered that portal. Its my livelihood.
This portal is mine and must be sealed up forever. For the love of God.
Really? For most people it's a rather pleasant experience. What exactly did you...
I have been to the dark side. I have seen a world that no man should ever see.
I know. I'm sorry...
That... was... no... simulation.
So how was it?
Let me try!
You? Why I'm sure it would pale in comparison to the actual experience.
Let me try.
Sure, after a fashion.
Simulates?
Mr. Malkovich, my name is Craig Schwartz. I can explain. We operate a little business her that... simulates, for our clientele, the experience of... being you, actually.
Holy shit! He said what I said!
Holy shit! He said what I said!
Holy shit, yes!
Holy shit, yes!
I can't believe it. This is too good to be true.
Maxine...
I'm afraid I... have no idea what you are saying... you bastard!
Floris, you're very nice, but I'm afraid Im in love with somebody else.
Music to my ears! Whatever you said. Speak, speak, speak, my magnificent friend, speak!
I am a trained performer.
You're not like the other boys we've had here. Granted, I can't understand what you're saying either, but your soft palette resonates tremendously well and you never ever constrict your epiglottis.
You suggest what? I have no time for piddling suggestions from mumbling job applicants, my good man. Besides, Dr. Lester will see you now. I think that's what he said.
I said "yes."
Yex?
Yes?
Mr. Juarez?
Forget it.
Money, Miss Warts?
My name is Schwartz.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I have no idea what you're saying right now.
Schwartz.
Pardon?
Schwartz.
Please have a seat, Mr. Juarez...
No, uh, my name is Craig Schwartz. I have an interview with Mr. Lester.
Welcome to LesterCorp. May we meet your filing needs?
I am not alone. There are others. We are legion. You will pay for this blasphemy. You will pay dearly.
You're insane.
There are rules, boy, procedures, etiquette. This is not a toy. I've been waiting seventy years to utilize this room, grooming myself, quietly setting the stage, performing ablutions, paying tribute, seeing all his motion pictures again and again. Worshipping, Schwartz, worshipping properly.
Dr. Lester, I don't know what you're talking about.
You're making a big mistake, Schwartz.  Ma'am
The vacant office. I see. Olive oil. Interesting. Be warned, Schwartz, there are certain doors which should never be opened.
Uh, import-export. Olive oil. Right on 7 1/2 actually.  In the vacant office. So we'll still be seeing each other.
And what sort of business will this be? If you don't mind my asking.
No sir, not at all. It's just that I'm going to open my own business and...
I see. Are you unhappy at our little company?
No thank you sir. It's delicious, though. I just wanted to thank you for the opportunity to work at LesterCorp, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to tender my resignation effectively immediately.
More beet-spinach juice, my friend?
Dr. Lester...
Thank you, sir.
Ah. yes, the little door.  There is a short film on the little door in the orientation room in exactly two minutes. If you hurry, you'll just make it.
Dr. Lester, I have a question. I was in that vacant office down the hall and I stumbled upon a little door and....
Ah, Craig. Just the fellow I wanted to see.  Juicer! Easy as pie. Just keep your fingers clear of the blade, and never, never use it while bathing in a tub full of water.
Dr. Lester. . .
That's sounds fine, sir. Gotta run.
Shall we say dinner on Friday. Just the two of us?  You can come too if you like, Schwartz.
Yessir.
Wife, huh? I'd love to meet her, Craig.
Dr. Lester, it's been really fascinating, but I'm afraid I have to get home to my wife now.
Imagine a room full of women. Nubile, blonde, wet with desire, Schwartz. A harem, if you will. Me in leather. A harness, if you like. I am the object of this desire, and all eyes are on me as I speak. Ladies, I begin. I am the love god, Eros. I intoxicate you. My spunk is to you manna from heaven...
All right. Meet me at the Juicy-Juice Juice Bar after work today and I'll spill my goddamn guts for you.
Dr. Lester, while I am flattered that you share your feelings with me, I believe perhaps the workplace is not the most suitable environment for this type of discussion.
I don't want to be your godamn link, damn you. I want to feel Floris' naked thighs against my own. I want to know passion. I want my body to inspire lust in that beautiful, complex woman. I want her to shiver in a spasm of ecstasy when I penetrate her. Oh, God, the agony of the flesh, Schwartz.
The elderly have so much to offer, sir. They are our link with history.
No sir-e-bob, I don't die. But what I do is get older, wrinkled like a former plum that's become the wrinkled prune you see before you. Oh, to be a young man again, maybe then Floris would care for me.
I'll keep that in mind, sir.
One hundred and five. Carrot juice.  Lot's of it. I swear, it's almost not worth it. I piss orange. Oh, and I, have to piss sitting down... like a godamn girly... every fifteen minutes. But nobody wants to die, Schwartz.
I wasn't toying with her, sir. I was just... How old are you?
Don't toy with Floris, Schwartz. Why, if I were eighty years younger, I'd box your ears.
Low overhead, m'boy. We pass the savings on to you.  But seriously, that's all covered in orientation.
Just one. Why is this floor so short?
Thank you for being kind enough to lie. You see, I've been very lonely in my isolated tower of indecipherable speech. You're hired. Any questions?
No. I understand perfectly.
Pity, it tells it like it is. That's why the eastern, read Jewish, publishing establishment won't touch it. That's a quote from the book jacket. George Will, I think.  I apologize if you can't understan a word I'm saying, Dr. Schwartz.
No.
Flattery will get you everywhere, my boy. But I'm afraid I have to trust Floris on this one. You see, she has her doctorate in speech impedimentology from Case Western. Perhaps you've read her memoirs, "I can't understand a word any of you are saying."
You don't have a speech impediment, Dr. Lester.
Damn, you are good. I tried to trick you. Okay, put these in order.
Glooph is not a letter, sir.
You think so, eh? Which comes first, L or... Glooph?
Well, sir, I'm an excellent filer.
Tell me, Dr. Schwartz, what do you feel you can bring to LesterCorp?
Not at all, Dr. Lester. I simply misspoke.
She's not my secretary. She's what they call an executive liaison, and I'm not banging her, if that's what youre implying.
No, it's okay, sir. Just a mixup with your secretary.
Security.
Actually, my name is Craig Schwartz, Dr. Lester.
Come in, Mr. Juarez. I'd stand, but, well, you know.
J.M. Inc. Be all that someone...
But I gotta go now. I've got to go be Johnny.
How the hell would I know? I wasn't a philosophy major.
What happens when a man climbs through his own portal?
Of course, right this way, Mr. Malkovich. Compliments of the house.
Let him try.
Yes, yes, sweetheart, yes!
Lotte? Is that you?
Move right hand across her left breast now. Move right hand across her left breast now. Move right hand across her left breast now.
Lotte, this is so good...
A girl has a right to glow if she wants. It's in the fucking constitution.
You're glowing again.
Do you have any idea what its like to have two people look at you with total lust and devotion through the same pair of eyes? No I don't suppose you would. It's quite a thrill, Craig.
You're evil, Maxine.
You picked the unrequited variety. Very bad for the skin.
I don't think so. I've fallen in love. This is what people who've fallen in love look like.
I've fallen in love.
Are you torturing me on purpose?
You're late.
So unbolt the fucking door, Einstein.
This is amazing! We're gonna be rich!
My God.
Craig, I just don't find you attractive. And, Lotte, I'm smitten with you, but only when you're in Malkovich. When I looked into his eyes last night, I could feel you peering out. Behind the stubble and the too-prominent brow and the male pattern baldness, I sensed your feminine longing peering out, and it just slew me.
Sounds good. Oblique but intriguing. Phone it in.
Okay. Here it is.  Ever want to be someone else? Now you can. No kidding. Only two hundred dollars for fifteen minutes. Visit J.M. Inc., Mertin-Flemmer Building. etc., etc.
I'll protect you, Dollface.
Really?  But, Maxine, can of worms! End of the world! Illusory nature of existence!
Sure. It'd be fun.
You wanted to be partners with me?
Fine. I'll do it myself. I was going to offer a partnership to you, but this way it's more money for me.
But there's something profound here, Maxine, we can't exploit it.
Exactly. Two hundred dollars a pop.
Tickets to Malkovich?
Good. We'll sell tickets.
Yes, of course. He's a celebrity.
Is this Malkovich fellow appealing?
Lots of things. He's very well respected. That jewel thief movie, for example. The point is that this is a very odd thing, supernatural, for lack of a better word. It raises all sorts of philosophical questions about the nature of self, about the existence of the soul. Am I me? Is Malkovich Malkovich? Was the Buddha right, is duality an illusion? Do you see what a can of worms this portal is? I don't think I can go on living my life as I have lived it. There's only one thing to do. Let's get married right away.
What's he been in?
He's an actor. One of the great American actors of the 20th century.
Sounds delightful. Who the fuck is John Malkovich?
There's a tiny door in that empty office. It's a portal, Maxine. It takes you inside John Malkovich. You see the world through John Malkovich's eyes, then, after about fifteen minutes, you're spit out into a ditch on the side of The New Jersey Turnpike.
It better be.
This is important!
No.
Don't you want to know what happened to me?
You might want to check those tarot cards one more time.
It's just, and I've never done this before, Maxine, but it's just that I feel something for you. I've never felt this before for anyone, not even my wife. My future is with you, Maxine.
Please, let me explain.
Yikes.
Puppets. Maxine. It's the idea of being inside someone else, feeling what they feel, seeing what they see...
You're not someone I could get interested in. Craig. You play with dolls.
Hi.
Well, I'm a puppeteer...
So, tell me about yourself. If you can get your mind out of the gutter long enough, dog-boy.
Good. Now we're getting somewhere.  Not a chance.
No, wait! I like your tits.  I love your tits. I want to fuck you.
I mean, I am really attracted to you. Jesus, you are a fag. We can share recipes, if you like, Darlene.
I mean, I am really attracted to you.
You're a fag or a liar.
Im not a homosexual. I just like women for more than their bodies. I guess you could say I'm the new American male.
Dont let the girly shit fool you. It'd blow your shorts off.
That's the usual?
Christ, you're not a fag are you? Because I don't want to be wasting my time.
No, no, it's your energy or your attitude or the way you carry yourself or...
My tits?
I like you. I don't know what it is exactly.
I'll have, like, a beer. Like a Budweiser, or something.
The usual, Barry.
What'll you have?
Yeah. But enough about me.
You married?
Buy you a drink, Maxine?
Just.
Made it. Maxine. Maxine, Maxine, Maxine.
Maxine.
I am dubious, but I don't welsh. Meet me at The Stuck Pig. Seven o'clock. You're late, I walk. So help me, if I find out you cheated.
Oh, Maxine, nobody told me. Maxine, Maxine. It just came out of me like a song, Maxine. A beautiful crazy, song, Maxine. Maxine. Maxine!
Somebody told you.
That's incredible! Nobody told me! I swear! It's kismet. Maxine! It's a beautiful name. There's a psychic connection. Don't you see? It was meant to be! Maxine! Maxine! Maxine! I will shout it from the rooftops!
Who told you?
I'm right?
Who told you?
Great.  Buuuhhppaahhhhnnn. . . . . Muhhhahhhhh. . . . . ahhhnnnaaa. . nollltuuukkkaaaaralllll. . . tashabararassssssuuuuusaaaaaaa. . . nnnnnnnaaaaaannnnnnnnncccccceeeeeee Mwaaaaaa. . . . .Mahhhhhkkkkk. . . sssseeeeeen. Maxine?
Why not?
How about this, if I can guess your first name within three tries, you have to come out for a drink with me tonight.
Yeah.
I just wanted to say hi.  Did you know I still don't know your name or where you work?
What?
You know, if you ever got me, you wouldn't have a clue what to do with me. That's the thing, Romeo.
No, really.
And fifty other lines to get into a girl's pants.
You know, I've been thinking about what you said yesterday, about the orientation film being a cover-up. I think you're on to something.
Yes, well...
I wouldn't know.
Emily Dickinson.
How dreary - to be - Somebody / How public - like a Frog / To tell one's name - the livelong June / To an admiring Bog!
Listen. I'm Craig Schwartz, just starting out at LesterCorp.
Well, truth is for suckers, isn't it?.
Is that true?
Yes. Unfortunately it's bullshit. The real story of 7 1/2 is so evil that it could never be revealed to Americans raised on sitcoms and happy news anchors.
Moving story.
That's right, Wendy, it is against floor policy, but as long as you're here, let me tell you what I know about our cute little door friend. Many years ago, this very office was occupied by a kindly old watchmaker named Mr. White.
Well, Don, I peeked in here, even though I know it's against floor policy. and I discovered that there's a little tiny door in here. Isn't it cute? It's almost like a little dolly's door. I wonder what its for.
Hi. Wendy! What're you up to in this vacant office.
Ha ha ha!
So that's the story of 7 1/2. Since the rents are considerably lower this floor has been adopted by businesses which for one reason or another are forced to cut corners After all... the overhead is low! Ha ha ha!
It's an interesting story, Wendy. Many years ago in the late 1800's, James Mertin, an Irish ship captain looking to invest in the future of our great country, came to this town and decided to erect an office building.
Don, I was wondering, do you know why our workplace has such low ceilings?
Hello. Wendy.
Hello, Don.
Wings and a halo, my darling. Wings and a halo.
I'll be with you always, my friends. Who knows, maybe if I'm lucky, I'll rejoin you with wings and a beak.
Hush, sweetheart.
If there was any way I could go in your place. But I'm only a monkey and...
Yes. I'm the only one. I have to enter Malkovich and destroy him from the inside. If not me, who?
Must you take this terrible demon on yourself, my love?
It is better to light one candle than curse the darkness. I learned that from you.
I'm glad you learned sign language, Elijah, but I'm tired of your nagging. I'm tired of this conversation. I'm tired period. What has the world ever done for me that I should feel personally responsible for saving it?
You've got to tell Craig what's going on. He must never leave Malkovich.
Yes. Yes. A thousand times, yes!
Two hundred dollars, please.
Well that's perfect. My second choice. Ah, this is wonderful. Too good to be true! You see, I'm a sad man. Sad and fat and alone. Oh, I've tried all the diets, my friends. Lived for a year on nothing but imitation mayonnaise. Did it work? You be the judge. But Malkovich! King of New York! Man about town! Most eligible bachelor! Bon Vivant! The Schopenhauer of the 20th century! Thin man extraordinaire!
You can be John Malkovich.
Can I be anyone I want?
No. Don't be an ass.
Long term psychic or physiological repercussions?
No.
Fine. Your mail's on the kitchen table. Mostly junk. Oh, there's a letter from Alex Trebek.
Fine. I'm not mad. Let's just drop it.
Fine. I mean, it's not like I was doubting you, it's just that I know puppetry is a skill that takes a long time to acquire.
Fine. Let's drop it.
I was just asking. No disrespect intended.
I am the Devil, Lester. I think I can handle it.
Can you do that? I mean, do you know anything about puppetry?
Well, if Mantini wins, Schwartz will leave Malkovich, right? So, if he needs it, I help Mantini's performance a bit, give him an edge. Spice up the show.
I missed you. I'm sorry. Tell me the plan.
Why are you being like this?
Do tell. I love a good plan.
But I think I have another plan.
Oh, he's good! Great, actually. I saw him do "Tru" with his sixty foot Robert Morse puppet. Sensational.
No, the Mediocre Mantini. Of course the Great Mantini!
The Great Mantini?
Maxine says she'll leave him if he leaves Malkovich, plus he's been challenged to a puppet-duel by Mantini.
What kind of circumstances?
No, for God's sake, I just watered it yesterday.  It almost went well. I gave a pretty good dream, but circumstances arose.
How'd it go? Did you say the philodendron gets water or no?
I like that.
No, a sexy dream. Of course, a scary dream.
A scary dream?
I suppose I could come to him in a dream. I don't know. That's the best I can think of right now.
Very talented son of a bitch. Too bad we can't kill him.
Impressions? Those are hard.
The kid's got talent. You've never seen Malkovich like this. Schwartz had him up there singing and dancing. Impressions.
Vegas? What'd you think?
We saw his show at the Luxor last night.
Have a seat. I wracking my brain over this Malkovich thing.
Look, I'm going back to my house to ponder this. So stay calm and keep track of Schwartz's comings and goings. Oh, and somebody dispose of Schwartz's wife, will you?  Nice to meet you all.
Didn't mean to imply that you were, sir.
Right, Lester. I heard you the first time. I'm not a dummy.
And as I said, sir, we can't very well exert physical persuasion upon the sacred vessel Malkovich.
Boy, this is a toughie. To be honest, I didn't anticipate this.
Good morning, Lotte!
Think, Jew florist?
Thank you, Floris.
Someone names A Lot of Warts on line two.
Yes, my dear?
Fine woman, Floris. I don't know how she puts up with this damn speech impediment of mine.
Fork ah did?
Forget it.
Gehginnis ondah foam?
Floris, get Guinness on the phone.
Do you?
Says me. Do you dream often?
Says who?
It's my job to ask the questions. Yours to answer them.
Do you?
Do you dream often?
The truth is for suckers, Johnny-Boy.
I gotta know the truth, Kevin.
All the better. Hey, Hot Lesbian Witches, next Geraldo, buddy boy. Ha ha ha.
I don't know anything about her. What if she's some sort of witch or something?
You're crazy to let go of a chick who calls you Lotte. I tell you that as a friend.
I'm done with her now. Tonight really creeped me out.
Ouch. Now that's hot. She's using you to channel some dead lesbian lover. Let me know when you're done with her. This is my type of chick.
I think it might've been this Lotte woman talking through me. Maxine likes to call me Lotte.
You were stoned. Case closed. End of story. How hot is this babe?
Yes, but you see, someone else was talking through my mouth.
Yeah yeah yeah. Yadda yadda yadda. Were you stoned?
Kevin, I'm telling you... it was like nothing I've...
I'm sure you're not going crazy.
It's like nothing I've ever felt before. I think I'm going crazy.
Good. I think its time to beckon Mr. Flemmer. Perhaps He can help us out of this pickle.
Count me in.
But of course.
Do we get to wear a crown?
Anybody else?
Lots of carrot juice, little lady. That, and a deal with the Devil.
You don't look a day over one hundred and five, Captain. What's your secret?
I'm afraid that no physical harm must come to him as long as he inhabits the vessel.
That bastard! I'll gladly dispose of him in the name of the order, Son of Malkovich.
I'm not certain, my dear, but I believe your husband has somehow psychically diverted the route.
Why not? I need to get in there!
Thank you all for your efforts, but I'm afraid we can no longer get into Malkovich through the portal.
I understand, but we must protect the vessel at all costs.  Please, Craig, please step aside and allow us to have what is rightfully ours.
It's Craig in there, I can tell.
No! Don't harm the vessel!
You bastard!
Aaaahhhh, the portal!
Oh, sorry. Right this way.
No.
Oh, didn't anyone show you the indoctrination video?
No, I didn't know that.
What?! That is not allowed. My God, you are supposed to be one of us. You know you must never partake of Malkovich by yourself!
No, you don't understand. I've been inside Malkovich when I'm with Maxine...
Hmmm, a lesbian, are you? I must inform you that I find that highly arousing.
Craig stole Maxine from me, Dr. Lester.
You know I think it pays to leave juice-making to the trained professionals. You look terrible, my dear.
My child, I don't think its a great mystery what Craig's up to.
But now we've lost access to Craig.
You followed your heart, my child, and that is not necessarily a bad thing.
I blew it, Dr. Lester.
We need you on the inside, my child. To report on his comings and goings, and if need be, to... destroy him...  ...for lack of a better word.
But why, Son of Malkovich?
No you mustn't, my child.
I'm getting divorced.
With immense pleasure, my dear. Down that hall, ninth door on the left. Watch the step down. It's sunken, you know.
Dr. Lester, would you point me toward the restroom?
Oh, be still my heart.
Yes, of course, Dr. Lester.
Tell me, Lotte, can you understand a word I'm saying?
I thought so too, doll. I guess we were mistaken.
But Maxine, I thought it was me you loved.
Really? Well, you know, he's quite good. I'm surprised. Anyway, I have a session with Malkovich I have to attend. I'll speak with you soon.
Maxine! Listen:  It hasn't been me in John the last three times. Craig's had me locked up in the apartment. He made me call you at gunpoint. It's been him! Oh, God, it's been him!
One hour.
We have to meet.
Sweetie! Oh, but we can't. It's business hours. I need to keep the membranous tunnel open for paying customers.
I have to see you.
J.M. Inc. Be all that someone else can be.
Maxine...
I love you, Lotte.
Oh my darling. Oh my sweetheart.
Give me one hour to get inside him Exactly.
When?
I have to see you. Can you call him and invite us over?
Yes?
After that I'll introduce you to my favorite monkey, Elijah. He's got an ulcer, due to a suppressed childhood trauma. But we're getting to the bottom of it.  Psychotherapy.
Ah.
I've never been looked at like this by a woman.
And the funny thing is. Mr. Malkovich, my voice is probably the least intriguing thing about me.
Let her go, Craig. I mean him."
Don't stand in the way of my actualization as a man, Craig.
Hi, uh.  Hi. I wanted to place an ad. Yes. "Ever want to be someone else?" No, that's the ad, but let's talk about you in a minute. "Ever want to be someone else? Now you can. No kidding..."
Hi. Have you done Malkovich yet?
Yes, Hi.
Yes, hello, I wanted to place an ad.  Hi, are you Craig's wife?
Who needs dancing?
No.
Is there dancing?
Great then.
I'm not afraid. I toured for a year with the National Puppet Company's production of "Long Day's Journey Into Night."
Nothing but acting to hide behind, buddy-boy.
Sounds boring. Are there any songs?
Broadway's finest three hours. It's about the suppression of the individual. Conformity as God in modern society.
Never heard of it.
Say... "Equus"? It's got everything.
What's the play?
A friendly competition, if you will. Your Malkovich puppet and my Harry S. Truman puppet appear opposite each other in a play. Not some Vegas Burly-Q pyrotechnics, but a real play that requires actual acting. The audience decides who is more deserving of the title. The losing puppeteer bows out graciously. Goes back to obscurity as a file clerk.
How do we do that?
We'll see, Schwartz. We'll see.
She's not available.
Because if you missed any, I just happen to have copies here you can take with you when you leave now.
Yeah, I saw them
Did you see the reviews?
Hello, Schwartz. I saw your show.
Whatever.
Good-bye, Maxine.
Derek Mantini!
Yeah what?!
Perhaps you'll want to consult that Ouija board again.
Honey, we can be happy and poor together.
I just had the most horrifying nightmare. The devil was in it.
You've got to be kidding.
I've got to leave Malkovich.
Bad dream, darling?
Busy day, my little fire chief. Why don't you climb into bed, and I'll meet you there in just...
Sleepy suddenly.
Oh, darling. It's a dream come true. We're going to ride this straight to the top.
They love me, darling! "Craig Schwartz is fantastic!"  The New York Times. "If only Craig Schwartz had always been inside Malkovich!"  Women's Wear Daily. "Craig Schwartz - The world's greatest puppeteer!"  Paul Wunder, WBAI Radio.
He's a selfish bastard.
Doesn't he know how important tonight is to us?
I'm nervous. Malkovich is fighting me hard today.
This is it, lover. You're stepping onto that stage a nobody and presto-change-o, you're coming back the greatest puppeteer the world has ever seen.
Vegas. Can you arrange that?
Vegas.
It's okay, my sweet.
Shut up!  Sorry, dear, I lost control for a minute.
Oh, Craiggy, that's brilliant!
Wait a minute! What if everybody knew? What if we presented Malkovich as the world's most complicated puppet and me as the only puppeteer sophisticated enough to work him? We'd wipe the floor with the Great Mantini!
No one would ever have to know its not him.
No! Please!  Shut up, will you? We're trying to think here.  It is sort of like being a puppeteer. I like that about it.
Well, we'll have all the money in Malkovich's bank account, plus he still gets acting work occasionally.
No!  But how will we make a living, my love, if our clientele doesn't have access to our product?
Stay in him forever?
You're right, my darling, it's so much more. It's playing with people!
You see, Maxine, it isn't just playing with dolls.
That was incredible. You're brilliant!
Really? Yeah. Okay.
I'd love to see your work.
You mean with Malkovich?
Wow.  Do a puppet show for me, Craig honey.
Yeah. I've figured out how to hold on as long as I want. Oddly enough, it's all in the wrists.
You still there, sweets?
No... damn... you...  Oh shut up, you overrated sack of shit.
I'll say you are. Let's do it on his kitchen table, then make him eat an omelette off of it.
I'm getting better all the time.
Apparently you can control this Malkovich fellow now.
Oh, so the bitch escaped.
Lotte called me.
Yes. How did you know it was me?
Oh shut up.  Craig, darling are you in there?
Don't con me, Maxine. We're over. I just let you up here to tell you that, and to tell you that I'm taking you and Schwartz to court.
I can explain about the portal, darling.
Come on in.
What the fuck is going on?
Darling!
No, Dollface, I know what my passion taking hold feels like. I gotta go.
Oh, Dollface, it was just your passion for me taking hold.
Something was making me talk. Some Goddamn thing was making me move. I gotta get out of here.
Oh, Lotte...
Yes, yes, sweetheart, yes!  What the fuck is going on? I'm not talking. This is not me!
Yes, Maxine, yes.
Oh, my sweet, beautiful Lotte.
No, I guess not. I'm an actor.
Do you mind?
I'm sorry, did you just call me "Lotte"?
Oh sure. It's very rewarding...
So, do you enjoy being an actor?
Oh, I'm really glad you called.
Thanks so much for coming over.
Whatever you're having.
Can I get you a drink?
It's just that I fantasize about you and, well, speaking to you now has gotten me sort of excited and...
How'd you get this number?
You don't know me, but I'm a great admirer of yours.
Who's calling?
Mr. Malkovich?
Yeah?
Captain Mertin, surely I am a God-fearing Christian woman like yourself, but alas, I am afraid that the world was not built with me in mind. Door knobs are too high, chairs are unwieldy, high-ceilinged rooms mock my stature. Nor am I a marrie lady, Captain. after all, who would marry a person of my diminutiveness? So I am forced to work for my few pennies a week as an optometrist. Why cannot there be a place for me to work safe and comfortable?
Aye. Speak then if ye must.
I am not asking for alms, but rather the ear of a kind man with a noble heart.
I see. Well, it is not my fault that thou art tiny. So if it is charity yer after, then be gone with ye, ye foul demon.
I am not a child, Captain Mertin, but rather an adult lady of miniature proportions.
What want ye, girl child?
Captain Mertin?
Know it, and go on out the yard. Go on.
Then what do I do?
There ain't.
But you said...you said out there, there ain't no...what was that word?..no..de- fense. No de-fense.
You got to go sometime. You got to go out there by yourself sometime.
There was a boy there...said mama was a jailbird...said he could prove it..
Why you never go back to Lady Jone's and learn your letters? You liked going there I remember. Seeing the other children. Then all a sudden, you stop.
No. I'm looking for what I was put here to look for: the back door.
We have to be steady. "These things too will pass". What you looking for? A miracle?
Aw, Baby.
What I know is what I see: a nigger woman hauling shoes.
You still know.
Was a time I knew what was.
You can't do that, Baby. It ain't right.
Not like He punished me.
You punishing Him, ain't you?
I'm saying they came into my yard.
You saying God give up? Nothing left for us but pour out our own blood?
I'm saying they came into my yard.
You saying nothing counts?
Those white things have taken all I had or dreamed. I'm saying ain't no bad luck in this world 'cept for white folks..They just don't know when to stop.
You saying whitefolks won. That what you saying?
No, Stamp. I ain't.
You blaming God. That what you're doing?
Can't say. It's something can't be planned.
Then what? When you get through with blue and yellow, then what?
I likes yellow.
You getting into bed to think about yellow?
Blue. That doesn't hurt nobody. Yellow neither.
What world are you talking about? Ain't nothing harmless down here.
What I have to do is get in my bed and lay down. I want to fix on something harmless in this world.
But you got to do it. You got to. Can't nobody Call like you. You have to be there.
That's the last thing they took from me.
The Word. What you was put here to speak.
Say the Word!
If I call them, and they come what on earth am I going to say to them.
This Saturday - you coming to Call or what?
Well what?
Well?
Yonder. Twin chestnuts in the yard.
I got a delivery around here. Name of Tucker.
Here, let me carry that.
Folks come. Folks go.
Folks came.
..."Here. Look here. See this mark? If you can't tell me by my face, look here."
...All I remember is how she loved the bottom of burned bread. Her little hands...I wouldn't know 'em if they slapped me".
Those boys didn't even know him. You had six whole years of marriage to my Halle Fathered every one of your children. A blessing. I learned hard that a man's just a man, but a son like that...like Halle..now that's somebody.
The boys wouldn't have left if Halle were here.
Oh, I remember bits and pieces of all of'em I guess..Halle, of course..I had Halle a lifetime. Almost twenty years... My two girls, sold and gone before I could even a heard about it, and them without their grown up teeth yet. My third child, my son after Halle...I let that straw boss have me for four months so's I could keep that boy. Next year, he had him traded for lumber anyway and me pregnant with his child. I couldn't love that child. I wouldn't. Not any of the rest either. God take what He would....and He did...
You remember Halle.
What'd be the point? Not a house in the country ain't packed to the rafters with some dead Negro's grief. We lucky our ghost is a baby. My husband spirit come back? Or yours? Don't talk to me! Ha..You lucky. You got one child left, still pullin at your skirts. Be thankful. I had eight. Eight with six fathers. Every one of them gone from me. Four taken, four chased and all, I expect, worrying somebody's house into evil. My first born - alls I can remember of her now is how she loved the burned bottom of bread. Her little hands..I wouldn't know'em if they slapped me. Can you beat that? Eight children and that's all I remember.
I don't know. Maybe we should have moved.
They'll be all right. I'm surprised they lasted here this long.
Ah, winter in Ohio is especially rough if you've got an appetite for color.
No. Sorry.
You best leave that quilt alone. That was grandma's quilt.
What do you know about it? I sleep where I want.
THE WHITEFOLK?
WHERE ARE THE MEN WITHOUT SKIN?
WATCH OUT FOR HER; SHE CAN GIVE YOU DREAMS.
I WILL PROTECT YOU.
YOU HURT ME.
and she is mine...
Beloved..She's mine       I am Beloved
..I swallowed her blood right along with my mother's milk. She played with me and always came to be with me whenever I needed her. Me and her waited for our daddy. I love her. I do. She never hurt me. I love my mother but I know she killed one of her own, and tender as she is with me, I'm scared of her because of it. All the time, I'm afraid the thing that happened that made it all right to kill her own, could happen again. Whatever it is, it comes from outside this house, outside the yard. So I never leave this house and I watch over the yard so it can't happen again ... I have to keep it away from my sister...I'll protect Beloved...'Cause She's mine...
No. Since mama lost her job, we don't have no more pies..
Not for me, you don't! You don't let me eat the pies...
We don't have nothing sweet no more, baby.
I want somethin' sweet.
That's not true. I told you, I had to get you out, make you safe...so's you and me could be together on the other side, forever..
You're weren't nice to me..you didn't smile at me..
Mama told you - I'd give up my own life, every minute, every hour of it to take back one of your tears baby...My children my best thing. You my best thing!
You gave me the bad dreams. You left me behind...
Don't say those things. You forget about those dreams..
I had another dream last night.  The dead man laying on top of me and I had nothing to eat. And the ghosts without skin stuck their fingers in me and said Beloved in the dark and bitch in the light..
Don't talk like that. Your mama loves you.
You don't sit with me!! I don't sit with people who leave me!
Baby, don't be like that.
You don't sit with me!!
NO. THEY TRIED ONCE BUT I STOPPED THEM. THEY WON'T EVER COME BACK...YOU MY BEST THING.
CAN THEY GET IN HERE?
I WILL NEVER LEAVE YOU AGAIN.
WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME WHO AM YOU?
WILL YOU STAY?
YOUR FACE IS MINE.
YOU NEVER FORGOT ME?
YES.
YOU CAME BACK BECAUSE OF ME?
YES. I WAS ON THE OTHER SIDE.
DID YOU COME FROM THE OTHER SIDE.
I will.
And Paul D...you don't have to stay 'way, but be careful how you talk to my mama, hear?
Thank you.
Well, good luck with the job.
Yes sir
You grown.
I don't. I have my own.
Well, if you want my opinion...
At times. At other times I think she was...more. But who would know that better than you. I mean, you sure 'nough you her.
You think she sure 'nough your sister?
Haven't seen her since that day. Ella thinks she might be waiting in the woods for another chance but..I don't think so. Mama thinks she's gone for good. Says she can feel it.
She gone like they say?
Yes?
That girl...You know, Beloved...
I don't know. I think I've lost my mother, Paul D.
You think I should stop by? Think she'd welcome it?
No. Not a bit all right. Hasn't gotten out of bed since that day.
Your mother all right?
More than all right. Miss Bodwin, she teach me stuff..Book stuff. She says I might go to Oberlin. She's experimenting on me.
They treating you right over at the Bodwins?
No. Got me an afternoon job at the shirt factory. Figure between that and my night work at the Bodwins I might be able to put something away for me and mama.
You on your way home?
Don't pay to complain.
Well, is it now? How you getting along?
Oh yeah. They good. Can't say they ain't good. I wouldn't trade them for another pair, tell you that. But you come back in a few days - give me a chance to lead'em to it. All right?
They good whitefolks?
In case the house burn down or bad weather slops the roads so bad I can't get here on time or late guests needed cleaning up after. Anything.  Don't ask me what whitefolks need at night.
In case of what?
Be here. In case.
Fine. But what would I do at night?
They getting older now and I can't take care of 'em like I used to. More and more they keep asking me to sleep over night. Now, I don't want to quit these people but they can't have all my days and nights too. I got my own family needs me. It'll take some convincing but maybe you could come after supper - take care of your mama during the day, then earn a little something at night, how's that?
Ya think?
Bet you do. Everybody miss her. That was a good woman...Well, I don't know whether the Bodwins think it or not but they sure could use some extra help.
I miss her.
I never went to those woodland services but she was always nice to me. Always. Never be another like her.
Yes ma'am.
You know what? I've been here since I was fourteen and I remember like yesterday when Baby Suggs, holy, came here and sat right where you are. Whiteman name of Garner brought her. He and Mr. Bodwin were good friends. That's how she got that house you all live in. Other things too.
Well, come on in. You letting in flies.
Yes ma'am..
I heard your mother took sick, that so?
Yes ma'am.
You Baby Sugg's kin, ain't you?
I'm looking for work. I was thinking they might know of some.
What you want'em for?
Oh.
Miss Bodwin. They brother and sister, darlin.
I want to see Mr. and Mrs. Bodwin.
What you want?
May I come in?
Yes?
No..No that won't do...
Oh baby...I don't know anyone could pay anybody anything for work they did themselves...But if you all need to eat until your mother's well, all you have to do is say so...We have a church committee invented so nobody had to go hungry.
Food. My mama, she doesn't feel well. I couldn't stay away from her too long, cause of her condition but I could do chores in the mornings.
Extra?
I can't do anything but I would learn it for you if you have a little extra.
Well, what can you do?
No. I mean work work.
Work? Start learnin your letters again?
I want to work, Miss Lady.
Mama?
No...no...no..
But you'll hurt your eyes doin it there. Come sit at the table.
She likes this dress...
Mama...Mama she's asleep. Why don't you eat something.
Nobody..no sir..that's right..nobody's going be doing that..nobody going be writing my daughter's characteristics on the animal side..no sir..I don't care..ain't laying that down..no sir. I refuse..that's right..that's right...
NO!...She wanted me to do it.
Mama let me help you.
Go upstairs I said!!
But mama..
Hold back Denver - I'm fine..You..you go on upstairs. I'll do the cleaning up.
MAMA!
Morning, ma'am.
Morning.
DADDY IS COMING FOR US.
OUT THERE. WAY OFF.
DO YOU FORGIVE ME?
DON'T LOVE HER TOO MUCH.
Don't matter. First time I'll be late in nine years. No great trouble..Whatever goes on out there goes on with or without me showing up on time... don't matter...  The world is in this room, baby. This is all there is and all there needs to be.
Won't you be late for work?
I'll make sure she does. But first I'm going  make up a nice, big breakfast against that cold outside.
She likes to see you off in the morning.
No, let her rest.
Should I wake her?
That was fun.
Could be that fall you took.
OOh, yeah...Don't know if it's the floor or the skating.
Back stiff?
You know as well as I do, Stamp, that people who die bad don't stay in the ground.
You mind loaded with spirits. Everywhere you look you see one.
Well, Paul D. must know who she is. Or what she is.
That's so.
But you didn't come here talking 'bout Paul. You came asking about a new girl.
And he left when he found out what Sethe did?  What you say casts a different light on it, I guess...I thought-
Sure he knew her. Her boy Halle, too.
He knew Baby Suggs?
He didn't know nothing. And nobody. Except her, from when they was at that place Baby Suggs was at.
You didn't tell me that. I thought he already knew.
I told him...Showed him the newspaper. About Sethe. Read it to him. He left that very day.
You?
I run him off.
What run him off? Tell me that!
What's any of that got to do with Paul D.?
I ain't got no friends take a handsaw to their own children.
Ella.
Till she showed herself.
You was friends.
Anything white floating around in the woods - if it don't got a shotgun, it's something the Lord tells me I don't want no part of.
Aw, no, Ella.
I ain't sure I know that. Baby never laid eyes on her till she showed up here. And how'd she make it and her husband didn't? And where is he? And how she have that baby in the woods by herself? Said a whitewoman help her. Shoot. You believe that? Well, I know what kind of white that was.
You know she married Baby Suggs' boy.
Well, who can tell what went on in there? I never even knew who Sethe was or none of her people.
Girl, give it up! We been friends too long to act like this.
Hold on! Don't jump if you can't see bottom!
Sethe. He took up with her and stayed in there and you don't want nothing to-
Her who?
It's her, ain't it?
Stamp, don't tear me up this morning! I don't feel like it.
You know he's colored? What else there to know?
I don't know him that well.
Why's that necessary all of a sudden?
He ask, I give him anything.
NO! Shouldn't be no days! You know all about it and don't give him a hand? That don't sound like you, Ella. Me and you been pulling colored folk out the water more'n twenty years! Now you tell me you can't offer a man a bed?! A working man who can pay his own way?
Unrile yourself, Stamp. It's only a few days he been there.
Why? Why he have to ask? Can't nobody offer? What's going on? Since when a black man come to town have to sleep in the cellar like a dog?!
Can't nobody read minds long distance. All he have to do is ask somebody.
It's cold as charity in there! What he do that for? Any number'll take him in.
Yeah. Asked Rev. Pike if he could stay in the cellar.
The church!
He's sleeping in the church.
Can't locate him.
Better ask Paul D.
True.
Might see anything at all at 124.
I know what I see.
You sure?
I know Denver.
Ain't no new Negroes in this town I don't know about. What she look like? You sure that wasn't Denver?
Somebody new there. A woman. Thought you might know who she is.
That's Baby's kin. I don't need no invite to look after her people.
What you want there? Somebody invite you in?
Was over to Baby Suggs.
Out where?
Oh I been out.
Where you been keeping yourself? I told John must be cold if Stamp stay inside.
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
All he can. All he can.
Tell me something, Stamp. Tell me this one thing. How much is a nigger supposed to take?
She what run you off? Not what I told you 'bout Sethe?
Don't know. Just shot up one day from a stump.
Who is she? Where she come from?
She scares me. I scare me. And that girl in her house scares me.
You ain't scared of Sethe. I don't believe you.
Stamp, leave off I said! I knew her when she was a girl. She scares me and I knew her when she was a girl...
She was only-
Leave off..
She ain't crazy. She love those children. She was trying to outhurt the hurter's all.
You don't know what I think.
It ain't what you think.
Jesus.
What yard? When who-
I was there Paul D...There in the yard. When she did it.
I don't want to know.
I said I had two things to say to you. I only told you one. I have to tell you the other.
There was a rooster named Mister down at Sweet Home. Last time I saw Halle, with that butter all over his face and me with an iron bit in my mouth, I saw Mister - sitting on a tub. He loved that tub. Like king on a throne. He was a hateful thing. Bloody and evil..But he was better than me.  Mister was allowed to be and stay what he was. Even if you cooked him you'd be cooking a rooster named Mister. But wasn't no way I'd ever be Paul D. again..Schoolteacher changed me. Was never no beating under Mr. Garner. Schoolteacher changed that. Why wouldn't a man run from that? Why wouldn't a man not work, kill, starve, pull out his own heart to stop feeling 'stead of feeling that? And it strikes me, it's got to be cause we were something else. And that something was less than a chicken sitting in the sun on a tub.
I don't believe that. I won't.
They'll know. They'll know as soon as they born. Cause it's inside us,Stamp. It'll be inside them. We'll pass it down. Schoolteacher didn't just change the outside, he changed the mind..and the blood..and what it carries...and what it's worth..
Children ain't gonna need to know that kind of thing.
Oh but we got to. How we gonna know our price in the future? How are children's children's children gonna know what they cost? Who's gonna tell them? What are they gonna pay for us, if we free?
No use thinking these things now.
I did. Down to the cent.$900. Always wondered though what Mrs. Garner got for my brother Paul F. Must of been more than nine hundred dollars cause she use that money for Sweet Home for almost two years. But then they hung my other brother Paul A. up on a tree so I guess he wasn't worth the same..I wonder what was Baby Suggs worth? And Halle? I wasn't surprised when I found out they tracked down Sethe all the way to Cincinatti. Her price must have been higher than all of us - her being property that reproduced itself without cost. A breeder.
Never found out.
You remember your price, Stamp?
Oh yeah. I got big plans.
You planning to do anything about it?
Just me.
Oh yeah. Oh that's load off. I thought everybody gone crazy.
Well I...I did get offered one place but I just wanted to be off by myself a spell.
You pick any house, any house where colored live. Pick any one and you welcome to stay there. I'm apologizing 'cause they didn't offer to tell you. But you welcome anywhere you want to be. My house. John and Ella. Miss Lady Jones..anybody. You choose. You ain't got to sleep in no cellar and I apologize for each and every night.
For what?
I come looking for you to ask your pardon. Apologize.
If it's hard for you, might kill me dead. 
This is hard for me. But I got to do it. Two things I got to say to you. I'm a take the easy one first.
She was my best thing.
Aw, girl. Don't cry...Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow...
She left me. She's gone again.
What, baby?
Look - Denver be here in the day. I be here in the night. I'm a take care of you, you hear? Starting now.
Oh, I don't have no plans. No plans at all.
Don't you die on me!! This is Baby Suggs quilt. Is that what you planning!?
I'm tired, Paul. So tired. I have to rest a while.
You got to get up from here, girl.
She comes in the daytime.  She still with me, my Denver.
Devil's confusion. What's this I hear about you not getting out of bed?  I saw Denver. She tell you?
No, You looking good.
Yeah. Look bad?
You shaved.
Paul D.
Sethe?
Yeah. Too sweet. 
Make it the way I always do.
Not too sweet! You make it too sweet they don't eat it.
I'm telling you don't say nothing to me.
What? What? You talking back to me?
Don't talk to me, Mr. Sawyer. Don't say nothing to me this morning.
What the hell you thinking, girl? Strolling in here this late?
Yes sir..You right about that. That's just what I come over to talk to him about. Just that..
Look here..There's a cross up there, so I guess this here's a church or used to be. Seems to me like you ought to show it some respect, you follow me?
No sir, I don't, but I know Plank Road. 'Bout a mile up thataway.
You don't know her? Judy? Works in the slaughterhouse.
Plank Road. Yes sir. That's up a ways. Mile, maybe.
I'm looking for a gal name of Judy. Works over by the slaughterhouse. Said she lived on Plank Road.
Yes sir.
Hey!!
Yeah, okay.
Just, uh, just slip the rent under my door.
Yeah, yeah I know. Okay.
Dude, uh, tomorrow is already the tenth.
Sure Allan, I'll be there.
Dude, I finally got the venue I wanted.  I'm Performing my dance quintet--you know, my cycle--at Crane Jackson's Fountain Street Theatre on Tuesday night, and I'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
Hiya Allan.
You're not dealing with morons here.
Yeah.  Jackie Treehorn wants to talk to the deadbeat Lebowski.
And we know which Lebowski you are, Lebowski.
Pin your diapers on, Lebowski.  Jackie Treehorn wants to see you.
He looks like a fuckin' loser.
What do you think?
Fuck.
Uh?
Wasn't this guy supposed to be a millionaire?
Yeah?
But I guess she told Dieter.
Visiting friends of hers in Palm Springs.  Just picked up and left, never bothered to tell us.
Where'd she been?
Well, okay, you're not privy to all the new shit, so uh, you know, but that's what you pay me for.  Speaking of which, would it be possible for me to get my twenty grand in cash? I gotta check this with my accountant of course, but my concern is that, you know, it could bump me into a higher tax--
That had not occurred to us, Dude.
No, man, nothing is fucked here--
This is our concern, Dude.
Her life is in your hands, Dude. And report back to us as soon as it's done.
Shit.
Mr. Lebowski asked me to repeat that: Her life is in your hands.
Oh, man, don't say that..
Her life is in your hands.
Uh-huh.
Here's the money, and the phone. Please, Dude, follow whatever instructions they give.
Oh, nothin', you know.
They called about eighty minutes ago.  They want you to take the money and drive north on the 4 5.  They'll call you on the portable phone with instructions in about forty minutes. One person only or I'd go with you. They were very clear on that: one person only.  What happened to your jaw?
Well Dude, we just don't know.
So he thinks it's the carpet-pissers, huh?
He suspects that the culprits might be the very people who, uh, soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or, uh, disconfirm that suspicion.
Why me, man?
Mr. Lebowski is prepared to make a generous offer to you to act as courier once we get instructions for the money.
Huh.
We've had some terrible news.  Mr. Lebowski is in seclusion in the West Wing.
Yeah sure, if I'm ever in the neighborhood, need to use the john.
Well, enjoy, and perhaps we'll see you again some time, Dude.
It's the LeBaron.
Manolo will load it into your car for you, uh, Dude.
Mr. Treehorn draws a lot of water in this town, Lebowski.  You don't draw shit.  We got a nice quiet beach community here, and I aim to keep it nice and quiet.  So let me make something plain.  I don't like you sucking around bothering our citizens, Lebowski.  I don't like your jerk- off name, I don't like your jerk-off face, I don't like your jerk- off behavior, and I don't like you, jerk- off --do I make myself clear?
That guy treats women like objects, man.
Mr. Treehorn tells us that he had to eject you from his garden party, that you were drunk and abusive.
Uh-huh.
What are you, some kind of sad-assed refugee from the fucking sixties?
I want a fucking lawyer, man.  I want Bill Kunstler.
You don't know shit, Lebowski.
I know my rights.
Well maybe you and me could pool our resources--trade information-- professional courtesy--compeers, you know--
Yeah, it sucks.
Fuck, man!  That's terrible!
Crazy, huh?  Ran away a year ago.
Jesus fucking Christ.
The Gundersons.  It's a wandering daughter job.  Bunny Lebowski, man. Her real name is Fawn Gunderson. Her parents want her back.
The?  Who the fff--
The Gundersons.
Who're you working for?  Lebowski? Jackie Treehorn?
Hey, man, I'm not--
She's not my special lady, she's my fucking lady friend.  I'm just helping her conceive, man!
Hey hey, I'm not messing with your special lady--
I'm not a--ah, fuck it, just stay away from my fucking lady friend, man.
A dick, man!  And let me tell you something: I dig your work. Playing one side against the other--in bed with everybody--fabulous stuff, man.
ANTI-SEMITE!
NUSSING!
Show me what you got.  Nihilist. Dipshit with a nine-toed woman.
I FUCK YOU!  I FUCK YOU!
Come and get it.  Fucking nihilist.
VEE FUCK YOU UP, MAN!
Come and get it.
VEE FUCK YOU UP, MAN!  VEE TAKE YOUR MONEY!
Fuck you.
Okay.  Vee take ze money you haf on you und vee call it eefen.
NO RULES!  YOU CABBAGE-EATING SONS- OF- BITCHES--
Zere ARE no ROOLZ!
There's no ransom if you don't have a fucking hostage.  That's what ransom is.  Those are the fucking rules.
That is our most modestly priced receptacle.
Hey man, don't you have something else you could put it in?
Sir, please lower your voice--
Sir, this is a mortuary, not a rental house.
Can we just rent it from you?
Yes.  I understand you're taking away the remains.
Nothing.
Excuse me?
Yeah, but we're--
They range up to three thousand.
Yes sir.  It is our most modestly priced receptacle.
This is a hundred and eighty dollars.
Yes, so we were informed.  However, we must of course transmit the remains to you in a receptacle.
Don't need it.  We're scattering the ashes.
That is for the urn.
What's this?
We have the urn.
Yeah.
I got eighteen dollars, Dude.
Almost five!
Thank you, Donny.
Your phone's ringing, Dude.
I'm going home, Donny.
Where you going, Dude?
Walter, how--
Sheesh.
Yeah Dude, why is Walter so pissed off?
Yeah, well, what do you care, Walter?
I am the Walrus.
Yeah.
Rug-peers did not do this.  I mean look at it.  Young trophy wife. Marries a guy for money but figures he isn't giving her enough.  She owes money all over town--
What do you mean, Dude?
Yeah, this is the guy, this guy should compensate me for the fucking rug. I mean his wife goes out and owes money and they pee on my rug.
His name is Lebowski?  That's your name, Dude!
And this guy peed on it.
Fuckin' A.
My rug.
What the fuck is he talking about?
They won't hurt us, Donny.  These men are cowards.
Are they gonna hurt us, Walter?
Shut the fuck up, Donny.  Not a bunch of fig-eaters with towels on their heads tryin' to find reverse on a Soviet tank.  This is not a worthy--
Who's in pyjamas, Walter?
Shut the fuck up, Donny.  We'll, uh, brace the kid--he'll be a pushover. We'll get that fucking money, if he hasn't spent it already.  Million fucking clams. And yes, we'll be near the, uh--some burgers, some beers, a few laughs.  Our fucking troubles are over, Dude.
We'll be near the In-and-Out Burger.
What have you.  We'll, uh--
Shut the fuck up, Donny.  This kid is in the ninth grade, Dude, and his father is--are you ready for this?-- Arthur Digby Sellers.
Those are good burgers, Walter.
You gotta buck up, man, you can't go into the tournament with this negative attitude--
What do you need that for, Dude?
Well--
Am I wrong?
No--
Are you gonna split hairs?
Uh-huh.
Come on, Donny, they were threatening castration!
They were Nazis, Dude?
Fucking Germans.  Nothing changes. Fucking Nazis.
Oh for Christ--will you shut the fuck up, Donny.
And then they're gonna stamp on it?!
Where's your car, Dude?
Who has your undies, Walter?
Really, Dude, you surprise me. They're not gonna kill shit.  They're not gonna do shit.  What can they do?  Fuckin' amateurs.  And meanwhile, look at the bottom line.  Who's sitting on a million fucking dollars? Am I wrong?
Walter, if you can't ride in a car, how d'you get around on Shammas--
Kill that poor woman.
Went alright.  Dude's car got a little dinged up--
Oh yeah, how'd it go?
What's that, Walter?
I'm shomer shabbas.
How come you don't roll on Saturday, Walter?
WELL THEY CAN FUCKING UN-POST IT!
It's already posted.
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
Burkhalter.
Saturday!  Well they'll have to reschedule.
This Saturday.  Quintana and--
Donny, shut the f--when do we play?
They posted the next round of the tournament--
That's fucking exactly what happened, Dude!  That makes me fucking SICK!
What the fuck is he talking about?
Shut the fuck up, Donny!  V.I. Lenin! Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov!
That fucking bitch!
I am the Walrus.
What's wrong with Walter, Dude?
Life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit.
If what's during league play?
Shut the fuck up, Donny.
What's a pederast, Walter?
YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR ELEMENT!  This Chinaman is not the issue, Dude.
He peed on the Dude's rug--
Huh?
Yeah Walter, what's your point?
So you have no frame of reference, Donny.  You're like a child who wanders in in the middle of a movie and wants to know--
I was bowling--
Were you listening to the Dude's story?
What--
Were you listening to the story, Donny?
What tied the room together, Dude?
That's it!  Outta this fucking cab!
--had a rough night, and I hate the fucking Eagles, man--
I pull over and kick your ass out, man!
I've had a--
Fuck you man!  You don't like my fucking music, get your own fucking cab!
Jesus, man, can you change the station?
Fuckin' A, man.  I got a rash. Fuckin' A, man.  I gotta tell ya Tony.
--So he says, "My son can't hold a job, my daughter's married to a fuckin' loser, and I got a rash on my ass so bad I can't hardly siddown. But you know me.  I can't complain."
--and bowling.  I'll tell you the truth, Brandt, I don't remember most of it.--Jeez!  Fuck me!
Yes, heh--
--smoking thai-stick, breaking into the ROTC--
Heh-heh--
Well, yeah I did, but I spent most of my time occupying various, um, administration buildings--
One--oh!  Heh-heh.  You never went to college?
Jeez.  Think he's got room for one more?
--without  the means  for higher education, so Mr. Lebowski  has committed  to sending  all of them to college.
I see.
They're not his, heh-heh, they're not literally his children; they're the Little Lebowski Urban Achievers, inner-city children of promise but without the--
I guess he's pretty, uh, racially pretty cool--
No, they--
Different mothers, huh?
These are Mr. Lebowski's children, so to speak--
Are these.
Wonderful woman.  We were very--
Nancy's pretty good.
And in fact he met privately with the President, though unfortunately there wasn't time for a photo opportunity.
Far out.
Mr. Lebowski is disabled, yes.  And this picture was taken when Mrs. Reagan was first lady of the nation, yes, yes? Not of California.
He's handicapped, huh?
Of course, Mr. Lebowski on the right, Mrs.  Reagan on the left, taken when--
Lebowski on the right?
That is indeed Mr. Lebowski with the first lady, yes, taken when--
Hey, is this him with Nancy?
That's a Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Business Achiever award, which is given--not necessarily given every year!  Given only when there's a worthy, somebody especially--
Uh-huh.
That's the key to the city of Pasadena, which Mr. Lebowski was given two years ago in recognition of his various civic, uh.
Uh-huh.
Please!  Please!
I'm not really, uh.
Please, feel free to inspect them.
Yes, uh, very impressive.
And this is the study.  You can see the various commendations, honorary degrees, et cetera.
And the, uh, the briefcase?
Sometimes.  I wouldn't hold out much hope for the tape deck though.  Or the Creedence tapes.
Separate incidents?
No.  Here.
Your rug was in the car.
...Also, my rug was stolen.
...Me, I don't drink coffee.  But it's nice when they offer.
I'm unemployed.
And what do you do, sir?
Papers.  Just papers.  You know, my papers.  Business papers.
In the briefcase?
Huh?  Oh.  Yeah.  Tape deck.  Couple of Creedence tapes.  And there was a, uh. . . my briefcase.
And was there anything of value in the car?
Green.  Some brown, or, uh, rust, coloration.
Color?
1972 Pontiac LeBaron.
Yeah man.  Well, you know, the Dude abides.
Sure.  Take it easy, Dude--I know that you will.
Thanks, Gary...Take care, man, I gotta get back.
Ahh, you know.  Strikes and gutters, ups and downs.
Wouldn't miss the semis.  How things been goin'?
Oh, hey man, how are ya?  I wondered if I'd see you again.
Howdy do, Dude.
Yeah.  Thanks man.
Take it easy, Dude.
Thankie. . . Just one thing, Dude. D'ya have to use s'many cuss words?
Well I like your style too, man. Got a whole cowboy thing goin'.
I like your style, Dude.
Mm.
Far from it.
Uh-huh.  That some kind of Eastern thing?
One a those days, huh.  Wal, a wiser fella than m'self once said, sometimes you eat the bar and sometimes the bar, wal, he eats you.
Ahh, not so good, man.
Okay, Jackie, done.  I like the way you do business.  Your money is being held by a kid named Larry Sellers. He lives in North Hollywood, on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger. A real fuckin' brat, but I'm sure your goons'll be able to get it off him, mean he's only fifteen and he's flunking social studies.  So if you'll just write me a check for my ten per cent. . . of half a million. . . fifty grand.
Let's say a 10% finder's fee?
Does the Pope shit in the woods?
Of course, there's that to discuss. Refill?
Yeah, well, right man, there are many facets to this, uh, you know, many interested parties.  If I can find your money, man-- what's in it for the Dude?
I've heard the kidnapping story, so save it.  I know you're mixed up in all this, Dude, and I don't care what you're trying to take off her husband.  That's your business.  All I'm saying is, I want mine.
But she hasn't run off, she's been--
Me?  How would I know?  The only reason she ran off was to get away from her rather sizable debt to me.
I thought you might know, man.
Of course you do.  I can see you're anxious for me to get to the point. Well Dude, here it is.  Where's Bunny?
Uh-huh.  Well, I still jerk off manually.
Of course, you do get the good with the bad.  The new technology permits us to do exciting things with interactive erotic software.  Wave of the future, Dude.  100% electronic.
On you, maybe.
People forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone--
Regrettably, it's true, standards have fallen in adult entertainment. It's video, Dude.  Now that we're competing with the amateurs, we can't afford to invest that little extra in story, production value, feeling.
Which one was Logjammin'?
I wouldn't know, Dude.  I deal in publishing, entertainment, political advocacy, and--
White Russian, thanks.  How's the smut business, Jackie?
What's your drink, Dude?
This is quite a pad you got here, man.  Completely unspoiled.
Jeffrey Lebowski.
Francis Donnelly.  Pleased to meet you.
Yeah man.
Hello, gentlemen.  You are the bereaved?
Huh?
Irish m--What the fuck are you talking about?  My name's Da Fino!  I'm a private snoop!  Like you, man!
Brother Shamus?  Like an Irish monk?
Hey, relax man, I'm a brother shamus.
Who the fuck are you?  Why've you been following me?  Come on, fuckhead!
Relax, man!  No physical harm intended!
Who the fuck are you, man!  Come on, man!
I FUCKEEN KILL JOR FUCKEEN CAR!
No!  No!  NO!  THAT'S NOT--
What?
No, the, uh, police chief of Malibu. A real reactionary. . . So your father. . . Oh man, I get it!
Exactly.  What happened to your face? Did Jackie Treehorn do that as well?
So...that doctor.
Huh...
Look, Jeffrey, I don't want a partner. In fact I don't want the father to be someone I have to see socially, or who'll have any interest in rearing the child himself.
Yeah, okay, but see, the Dude--
I want a child.
Well...no, of course not--
Well yes, what did you think this was all about?  Fun and games?
Increases?
Huh.  Jeez.  Well, so, did he--is that yoga?
He helps administer the charities now, and I give him a reasonable allowance.  He has no money of his own.  I know how he likes to present himself; Father's weakness is vanity. Hence the slut.
But he's--
We did let Father run one of the companies, briefly, but he didn't do very well at it.
But your father--he runs stuff, he--
No no, the wealth was all Mother's.
Huh?  He's fucking loaded.
I keep telling you, it's the Foundation's money.  Father doesn't have any.
It's a complicated case, Maude. Lotta ins, lotta outs.  Fortunately I've been adhering to a pretty strict, uh, drug regimen to keep my mind, you know, limber.  I'm real fucking close to your father's money, real fucking close.  It's just--
Jeffrey--
Larry Sellers, a high-school kid. Real fucking brat.
It's not my father's money, it's the Foundation's.  Why did he think you had it?  And who does?
He thought I had your father's money, so he got me out of the way while he looked for it.
Finder's fee?
Jackie Treehorn trashed the place. Wanted to save the finder's fee.
What happened to your house?
Oh, you know, the usual.  Bowl. Drive around.  The occasional acid flashback.
What do you do for fun?
Bunch of assholes.  And then, you know, little of this, little of that. My career's, uh, slowed down a bit lately.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.  Roadie for Metallica.  Speed of Sound Tour.
Oh?
And then. . . let's see, I uh--music business briefly.
Mmnun.
Not the compromised second draft. And then I, uh. . . Ever hear of the Seattle Seven?
Uh-huh.
I was, uh, one of the authors of the Port Huron Statement.--The original Port Huron Statement.
Well, uh. . . Not much to tell.
Tell me a little about yourself, Jeffrey.
Maude?
Jeffrey.
I want you to see him immediately.
Delayed after-eff--
Please Jeffrey.  I don't want to be responsible for any delayed after- effects.
Huh?  No, really, I don't even have the bruise any more, I--
Do you still have that doctor's number?
Well, no, not exactly.  It's a complicated case, Maude.  Lotta ins. Lotta outs.  And a lotta strands to keep in my head, man.  Lotta strands in old Duder's--
So Dieter has the money?
Well yeah...I know that.
Look, Jeffrey, you don't really kidnap someone that you're acquainted with.  You can't get away with it if the hostage knows who you are.
Well...yeah--
Is he pretending to be the abductor?
Jeez.  I miss vinyl.
Huh?  Autobahn.  A-u-t-o.  Their music is a sort of--ugh--techno-pop.
Roy Orbison. . . Pink Floyd.
Dieter has been on the fringes of-- well, of everything in L.A., for about twenty years.  Look at my LP's. Under 'Autobahn.'
Beaver?  You mean vagina?--I mean, you know him?
Her "co-star" in the beaver picture?
Well--yeah, I guess--
Dieter Hauff?
The main guy, Dieter--
From who?
I'm telling you, I got definitive evidence--
She is most definitely the perpetrator and not the victim.
Now I got--
And please don't call her my mother.
Hey man, why don't you fucking listen occasionally?  You might learn something.  Now I got--
She most certainly was not!
I, uh... money, yeah, I gotta respecfully, 69 you know, tender my resignation on that matter, 'cause it looks like your mother really was kidnapped after all.
Do you have any news regarding my father's money?
No it's fine, really, uh--
Jeffrey, you haven't gone to the doctor.
Please see him, Jeffrey.  He's a good man, and thorough.
That's really thoughtful but I--
Here's the name and number of a doctor who will look at it for you.  You will receive no bill.  He's a good man, and thorough.
Oh that's okay, I hardly even--
--your rug, yes, well with that money you can buy any number of rugs that don't have sentimental value for me. And I am sorry about that crack on the jaw.
Yeah, but what about--
Thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
A hundred.
If you successfully do so, I will compensate you to the tune of 1% of the recovered sum.
Well--sure, I could do that--
I'm getting to your rug. My  father and I don't get along; he doesn't approve of my lifestyle and, needless to say, I don't approve of his. Still, I hardly wish to make my father's embezzlement a police matter, so I'm proposing that you try to recover the money from the people you delivered it to.
Yeah, but my-
Little Lebowski Urban Achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them. I asked my father about his withdrawal of a million dollars from the Foundation account and he told me about this "abduction", but I tell you it is preposterous.  This compulsive
Shit yeah, the achievers.
Don't be fatuous, Jeffrey.  Little matter to me that this woman chose to pursue a career
He fixes the cable?
Lord.  You can imagine where it goes from here.
Take a look at this, sir.
Listen, Maude, I'm sorry if your stepmother is a nympho, but I don't see what it has to do with--do you have any kalhua?
Yes Mr. Lebowski, these unfortunate souls cannot love in the true sense of the word.  Our mutual acquaintance Bunny is one of these.
Oh, no.
I like it too.  It's a male myth about feminists that we hate sex. It can be a natural, zesty enterprise. But unfortunately there are some people--it is called satyriasis in men, nymphomania in women--who engage in it compulsively and without joy.
You mean coitus?
You're not interested in sex?
I was talking about my rug.
Sex.  The physical act of love. Coitus.  Do you like it?
Excuse me?
Do you like sex, Mr. Lebowski?
Right, but let me explain something about that rug--
Yes, I know about it.  And I know that you acted as courier.  And let me tell you something:  the whole thing stinks to high heaven.
Huh?
Thank you.
"Johnson"?
Yes, they don't like hearing it and find it difficult to say.  Whereas without batting an eye a man will refer to his "dick" or his "rod" or his "Johnson".
Oh yeah?
In a sense, yes.  Elfranco, my robe. My art has been commended as being strongly vaginal.  Which bothers some men.  The word itself makes some men uncomfortable.  Vagina.
Is that what that's a picture of?
You're a fuck, Walter!
Shit Dude, I'm sorry--
What the fuck does Vietnam have to do with anything!  What the fuck were you talking about?!
Dude, I'm sorry--
What about that shit about Vietnam!
Dude, I'm--it was an accident!
You make everything a fucking travesty!
Dude!  Dude, I'm sorry!
Goddamnit Walter!  You fucking asshole!
JUST BECAUSE WE'RE BEREAVED DOESN'T MEAN WE'RE SAPS!
Walter--
We're scattering the fucking ashes!
A hundred and eighty dollars?!
Well can we--
The Dude, actually.  Is what, uh.
Walter Sobchak.
Hurry Dude.  I'd go but I'm pumping blood.  Might pass out.
Wha. . . Donny--
Call the medics, Dude.
Wha.
It's a heart attack.
Then what's...
There weren't any shots.
They shot Donny!
No Dude.
Hy God!  They shot him, Walter!
Come on, Walter!.
What's mine is mine.
AND I'D LIKE MY UNDIES BACK!
Hey, cool it Walter.  Listen, pal, there never was any money.  The big Lebowski gave me an empty briefcase, man, so take it up with him.
Hey, cool it Walter.
Fuck you.  Fuck the three of you.
That's fuckin' combat.  The man in the black pyjamas, Dude.  Worthy fuckin' adversary.
Yeah.
I mean 'Nam was a foot soldier's war whereas, uh, this thing should be a fucking cakewalk.  I mean I had an M16, Jacko, not an Abrams fucking tank.  Just me and Charlie, man, eyeball to eyeball.
Uh-huh.
Sure you'll see some tank battles. But fighting in desert is very different from fighting in canopy jungle.
We're sorry, man.  We're really sorry.
Shit, Dude, I didn't know.  I wouldn't've done it if I knew he was a fucking crybaby.
Walter, you fuck!
Yeah, I can see that, Dude.
He can't walk, Walter!
Oh, shit.
Sure, I'll put him down, Dude.  RAUSS! ACHTUNG, BABY!!
WALTER, FOR CHRIST'S SAKE!  HE'S CRIPPLED!  PUT HIM DOWN!
It's all over, man!  We call your fucking bluff!
You thought Bunny'd been kidnapped and you could use it as a pretext to make some money disappear.  All you needed was a sap to pin it on, and you'd just met me.  You thought, hey, a deadbeat, a loser, someone the square community won't give a shit about.
AS IF WE WOULD EVER DREAM OF TAKING YOUR BULLSHIT MONEY!
Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax-- YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT I LIVE IN THE PAST!   I--Jesus.  What the hell happened?
It's just part of your whole sick Cynthia thing.  Taking care of her fucking dog.  Going to her fucking synagogue.  You're living in the fucking past.
I'm as Jewish as fucking Tevye
This driveway.
Yeah?  What do you think happens when you get divorced?  You turn in your library card?  Get a new driver's license?  Stop being Jewish?
And you were divorced five fucking years ago.
You know this!
Yeah, and you were--
What the fuck are you talking about? I converted when I married Cynthia! Come on, Dude!
You're fucking Polish Catholic--
What the fuck are you talking about?
Walter, come off it.  You're not even fucking Jewish, you're--
I'm saying, I see what you're getting at, Dude, he kept the money, but my point is, here we are, it's shabbas, the sabbath, which I'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life and death--
Huh?
Okay, but how does all this add up to an emergency?
Shit yeah!
Yeah?
His million bucks was never in it, man!  There was no money in that briefcase!  He was hoping they'd kill her!  You throw out a ringer for a ringer!
What's your point, Dude?
I'm saying if he knows I'm a fuck- up, then why does he still leave me in charge of getting back his wife? Because he fucking doesn't want her back, man!  He's had enough!  He no longer digs her!  It's all a show! But then, why didn't he give a shit about his million bucks?  I mean, he knew we didn't hand off his briefcase, but he never asked for it back.
Well it's, sometimes the cathartic, uh.
I mean we totally fucked it up, man. We fucked up his pay-off.  And got the kidnappers all pissed off, and the big Lebowski yelled at me a lot, but he didn't do anything.  Huh?
WALTER, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE, WE GOTTA GO TO PASADENA!  COME  PICK ME UP OR I'M OFF THE FUCKING BOWLING TEAM!
Dude, I'm not supposed to make calls--
THEN WHY CAN'T YOU--fuck, never mind, just call Donny then, and ask him to--
I understand.  That's why I picked up the phone.
It is a fucking emergency.
Erev shabbas.  I can't drive.  I'm not even supposed to pick up the phone, unless it's an emergency.
Huh?
I can't drive, Dude, it's erev shabbas.
Walter, listen, I'm at my place, I need you to come pick me up--
Dude?
Walter, if you're there, pick up the fucking phone.  Pick it up, Walter, this is an emergency.  I'm not--
And the fucking money.  And we know that this is your homework, Larry.
And the fucking money!
You're going to enter a world of pain, son.  We know that this is your homework.  We know you stole a car--
Oh, for Christ's sake, Walter!
Look, Larry. . . Have you ever heard of Vietnam?
We know it's his fucking homework, Walter!  Where's the fucking money, you little brat?
Is this your homework, Larry?
Is the car out front yours?
Is this yours, Larry?  Is this your homework, Larry?
Just ask him if he--ask him about the car, man!
Dude, please!. . .  Is this your homework, Larry?
Look, man, did you--
Is this your homework, Larry?
Hardly Dude, a new 'vette?  The kid's still got, oh, 96 to 97 thousand, depending on the options.  Wait in the car, Donny.
Fuck me, man!  That kid's already spent all the money!
Yeah, go figure.  Well we'll go out there after the, uh, the.
Uh.
And yet his son is a fucking dunce.
No.
Not exactly a lightweight.
Uh-huh.
The bulk of the series.
Uh-huh.
Fucking Arthur Digby Sellers wrote 156 episodes, Dude.
Yeah yeah, I know the fucking show Walter, so what?
All but one man died?  There at Bitter Creek?
Yeah.
Who the f--have you ever heard of a little show called Branded, Dude?
Who the fuck is Arthur Digby Sellers?
Huh?
Who the fuck is that?
Near the In-and-Out Burger--
The In-and-Out Burger is on Camrose.
He lives in North Hollywood on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger--
Fuck your sympathy!  I don't need your sympathy, man, I need my fucking Johnson!
--We're sympathizing here, Dude--
Who gives a shit about the fucking marmot!
No, I'm--
What're you, a fucking park ranger now?
And let's also not forget--let's not forget, Dude--that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent, for uh, domestic, you know, within the city-- that isn't legal either.
Yeah.
Nihilists!  Jesus.
They kept saying they believe in nothing.
Huh?
They're nihilists.
This whole fucking thing--I  could be sitting here with just pee-stains on my rug.
Now Dude--
That makes me feel all warm inside.
Dude--
Yeah, thanks Walter.  That gives me a very secure feeling.
Not if I have anything to say about it.
Thanks Walter.
Now that is ridiculous, Dude.  No one is going to cut your dick off.
I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off.
Don't run away from this, Dude! Goddamnit, this affects all of us!
All right, I'm leaving.  I'm sorry ma'am.
Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant!
FORGET ABOUT THE FUCKING TOE!
What about the toe?
Well that's just, that's the stress talking, Dude.  So far we have what looks to me like a series of victimless crimes--
They're gonna kill her, Walter, and then they're gonna kill me--
I'll  get  you  a  toe by  this afternoon--with nail  polish. These fucking amateurs.   They send us a toe, we're  supposed to  shit our- selves with fear.  Jesus Christ. My point is--
But Walter--
You want a toe?  I can get you a toe, believe me.  There are ways, Dude.  You don't wanna know about it, believe me.
Someone else's--where the fuck are they gonna--
Fine, Dude.  As if it's impossible to get some nail polish, apply it to someone else's toe--
The nail polish, Walter.
How the fuck should I know?  I do know that nothing about it indicates--
Whose toe was it, Walter?
That wasn't her toe.
Aw, fuck it.
Well, certainly that's a possibility, Dude--
It's been stolen, Walter!  You fucking know it's been stolen!
Hmm.  Well, we were in a handicapped spot.  It, uh, it was probably towed.
You don't know, Walter?  You seem to know the answer to everything else!
And what do they got, Dude?  My dirty undies.  My fucking whites--Say, where is  the car?
"Our" car, Walter?
Who's got a fucking million fucking dollars parked in the trunk of our car out here?
Walter--
Yeah yeah, "kill that poor woman."
But Walter, we didn't make the fucking hand- off!  They didn't get, the fucking money and they're gonna-- they're gonna--
For Christ's sake, Dude.
That's it.  I'm out of here.
Saturday is shabbas.  Jewish day of rest.  Means I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit don't fucking roll!
Yeah, and in the meantime what do I tell Lebowski?
C'mon Dude, eventually she'll get sick of her little game and, you know, wander back--
Who gives a shit, Walter?  What about that poor woman?  What do we tell--
Walter--
I told that fuck down at the league office-- who's in charge of scheduling?
Walter, what'm I gonna tell Lebowski?
That's right, Dude, 1  % certain--
No, Walter!  I said I thought she kidnapped herself!  You're the one who's so fucking certain--
What the fuck're you talking about? That poor woman--that poor slut-- kidnapped herself, Dude.  You said so yourself--
Huh?  The problem is--what do you mean what's the--there's no--we didn't-- they're gonna kill that poor woman--
Huh?  Oh, him, yeah.  Well I don't see, um-- what exactly is the problem?
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?  What the fuck're we gonna tell Lebowski?
Aitz chaim he, Dude.  As the ex used to say.
Walter, please--
You didn't think I was rolling out of here naked!
Uzi?
Your wheel!  At fifteen em-pee-aitch I roll out!  I double back, grab one of 'em and beat it out of him!  The uzi!
What the fuck?
Your wheel, Dude!  I'm rolling out!
Walter!
Okay, Dude.  No time to argue.  Here's the bridge--
Fuck that!  I love you, Walter, but sooner or later you're gonna have to face the fact that you're a goddamn moron.
The bridge is coming up!  Gimme the ringer, Dude!  Chop-chop!
I'm throwing the money, Walter! We're not fucking around!
Wooden bridge, huh?
Well call them up and explain it to 'em, Walter!  Your plan is so fucking simple, I'm sure they'd fucking understand it!  That's the beauty of it Walter!
We can't do that, Dude.  That fucks up our plan.
We throw the money out of the moving car!
Huh?
There is no fucking hand-off, Walter! At a wooden bridge we throw the money out  of the car!
What'd he say?  Where's the hand- off?
FUCK.
Thaaat's right, Dude.  The beauty of this is its simplicity. If the plan gets too complex something always goes wrong.  If there's one thing I learned in Nam--
Yeah.  That's a great plan, Walter. That's fucking ingenious, if I understand it correctly.  That's a Swiss fucking watch.
...Huh?
That's the simple part, Dude.  When we make the handoff, I grab the guy and beat  it out of him.
Terrific, Walter.  But you haven't told me how we get her back.  Where is she?
Yeah.  So as long as we get her back, nobody's in a position to complain. And we keep the baksheesh.
Okay Dude.  Have it your way.
Shutup, Walter!  Don't fucking say peep when I'm doing business here.
Ya see?  Nothing is fucked up here, Dude.  Nothing is fucked.  These guys are fucking amateurs--
Dude, nothing is fucked.  Come on. You're being very unDude.  They'll call back.  Look, she kidnapped her--
We're screwed now!  We don't get shit and they're gonna kill her! We're fucked, Walter!
Easy, Dude.
They hung up, Walter!  You fucked it up!  You fucked it up!  Her life was in our hands!
What the fuck is going on there?
Oh shit.  Walter.
It is a fucking game.  You said so yourself, Dude--she kidnapped herself--
Yes you're wrong.  This isn't a fucking game, Walter--
My point, Dude, is why should we settle for twenty grand when we can keep the entire million.  Am I wrong?
We?  What the fuck we?  You said you just wanted to come along--
Well you're right, Dude, I got to thinking.  I got to thinking why should we settle for a measly fucking twenty grand--
Walter--what the fuck are you thinking?
Thaaaat's right, Dude.  The weight. The ringer can't look empty.
Walter, I'm sure there's a reason you brought your dirty undies--
Agh--
My dirty undies.  Laundry, Dude. The whites.
What the hell is this?
The ringer!  The ringer, Dude!  Have they called yet?
The what?
It's your roll.
The fucking point is--
It's your roll--
Have it your way.  The point is--
Walter, face it, there isn't any connection.  It's your roll.
Well, there isn't a literal connection, Dude.
I don't see any connection to Vietnam, Walter.
Those rich fucks!  This whole fucking thing-- I did not watch my buddies die face down in the muck so that this fucking strumpet--
It's all a goddamn fake.  Like Lenin said, look for the person who will benefit.  And you will, uh, you know, you'll, uh, you know what I'm trying to say--
That...fucking...bitch!
Huh?
I figure it's easy money, it's all pretty harmless.  I mean she probably kidnapped herself.
I told him if it was during league play--
What if it's during a game?
...They  gave  Dude  a  beeper,  so whenever these guys call--
Yeah.
Just for making the hand-off?
Twenty grand.  And of course I still keep the rug.
Anyway.  How much they offer you?
When he moved down to Venice he had to go door-to-door to tell everyone he's a pederast.
Huh.
The man is a sex offender.  With a record.  Spent six months in Chino for exposing himself to an eight- year-old.
Huh?
Yeah, but he's a fucking pervert, Dude.
Calmer than you are.
Yeah?  Wavin' a gun around?!
I'm perfectly calm, Dude.
Well, just take 't easy, man.
That's your answer to everything, Dude.  And let me point out--pacifism is not--look at our current situation with that camelfucker in Iraq-- pacifism is not something to hide behind.
Just, just take it easy, Walter.
Okay then.  We play Quintana and O'Brien next week.  They'll be pushovers.
You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole.
Am I wrong!
No, you're not wrong--
Huh.  I did not know that.  Well, it's water under the bridge.  And we do enter the next round-robin, am I wrong?
He's fragile, man!  He's very fragile!
You mean--beyond pacifism?
And you know Smokey has emotional problems!
You know Dude, I myself dabbled with pacifism at one point.  Not in Nam, of course--
Walter, you can't do that.  These guys're like me, they're pacificists. Smokey was a conscientious objector.
MARK IT ZERO!
Walter, they're calling the cops, put the piece away.
Mark that frame an eight, you're entering a world of pain.
Hey Walter--
Smokey my friend, you're entering a world of pain.
This is a league game.  This determines who enters the next round- robin, am I wrong?
Come on Walter, it's just--it's Smokey.  So his toe slipped over a little, it's just a game.
Fucking dog has papers, Dude.--Over the line!
Hey man--
First of all, Dude, you don't have an ex, secondly, it's a fucking show dog with fucking papers.  You can't board it.  It gets upset, its hair falls out.
Hey, man, if my fucking ex-wife asked me to take care of her fucking dog while she and her boyfriend went to Honolulu, I'd tell her to go fuck herself.  Why can't she board it?
What do you mean "brought it bowling"? I didn't rent it shoes.  I'm not buying it a fucking beer.  He's not gonna take your fucking turn, Dude.
You brought a fucking Pomeranian bowling?
I'm saying, Cynthia's Pomeranian. I'm looking after it while Cynthia and Marty Ackerman are in Hawaii.
What the fuck are you--
Huh?  Oh--Cynthia's Pomeranian. Can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture.
What the fuck're you talking about? The carrier.  What's in the fucking carrier?
State of Israel.  If you will it, Dude, it is no--
Huh?
Theodore Herzel.
You're fucking twenty minutes late. What the fuck is that?
Way to go, Dude.  If you will it, it is no dream.
Yeah, I could find this Lebowski guy--
Donny!  Please!
Okay. That, uh.
Yeah, but--
Am I wrong!
No, but--
Jeff Lebowski.  Come on.  This other Jeffrey Lebowski.  The millionaire. He's gonna be easier to find anyway than these two, uh. these two  . . . And he has the wealth, uh, the resources obviously, and there is no reason, no FUCKING reason, why his wife should go out and owe money and they pee on your rug.  Am I wrong?
So who--
Walter, he peed on my rug--
What the fuck are you--
Walter, this is not a guy who built the rail- roads, here, this is a guy who peed on my--
What the fuck are you talking about?! This Chinaman is not the issue!  I'm talking about drawing a line in the sand, Dude.  Across this line you do not, uh--and also, Dude, Chinaman is not the preferred, uh. . . Asian- American.  Please.
This Chinaman who peed on my rug, I can't go give him a bill so what the fuck are you talking about?
Forget it, Donny.  You're out of your element.
Huh?  No!  What the fuck are you talking--I'm not--we're talking about unchecked aggression here--
What's the point of--we all know who was at fault, so what the fuck are you talking about?
There's no fucking reason--here's my point, Dude--there's no fucking reason--
What's your point, Walter?
This was a valued, uh.
Yeah man, it really tied the room together--
This was, uh--
I understand sir.  Could you slide your shorts down please?
Huh?  No, she, she hit me right here.
Friends like these, huh Gary.
Right, Dude.
Another Caucasian, Gary.
You are approaching a vooden britch. When you cross it you srow ze bag from ze left vindow of ze moving kar.  Do not slow down.  Vee vatch you.
Dude.
Hey, just tell me where the fuck you want us to go.
So no funny stuff.  Okay?
Yeah.
Okay, vee proceed.  But only if there is no funny stuff.
Dude here.
Okay, listen--
Yeah?
Shut the fuck up.  Hello?
...Us? DUDE
Dude the Bagman.  Where do you want us to go?
Who is this?
Dude here.
--so, like I say, just thought, you know, fair warning.  Tell Walter.
Shit!
Dude, this is Smokey.  Look, I don't wanna be a hard-on about this, and I know it wasn't your fault, but I just thought it was fair to tell you that Gene and I will be submitting this to the League and asking them to set aside the round.  Or maybe forfeit it to us--
It's uh, it's down there somewhere. Lemme take another look.
WHERE'S THE FUCKING MONEY, SHITHEAD!
Help me put him back in his chair.
You monsters!
Walter!
Put me down, you son of a bitch!
All right, get out.  Both of you.
Well. . . yeah.
Well?  Aren't you?
Well, you have your story, I have mine.  I say I entrusted the money to you, and you stole it.
We know the briefcase was empty, man.  We know you kept the million bucks yourself.
Where's the money, Lebowski?
Well, she's back.  No thanks to you.
Well, okay, if you've already made out the check.  Brandt is handing him a letter-sized envelope which is distended by something inside.
Brandt, give him the envelope.
No.  No Mr. Lebowski, that had not occurred to me.
Well sure, look at it!  Young trophy wife, I mean, in the parlance of our times, owes money all over town, including to known pornographers-- and that's cool, that's cool-- but I'm saying, she needs money, and of course they're gonna say they didn't get it 'cause she wants more, man, she's gotta feed the monkey, I mean-- hasn't that ever occurred to you...? Sir?
I'll tell you what I'm blathering about!  I got information--new shit has come to light and--shit, man! She kidnapped herself!
What in God's holy name are you blathering about?
I--the royal we, you know, the editorial--I dropped off the money, exactly as per--Look, I've got certain information, certain things have come to light, and uh, has it ever occurred to you, man, that given the nature of all this new shit, that, uh, instead of running around blaming me, that this whole thing might just be, not, you know, not just such a simple, but uh--you know?
WHAT?!
C'mon man, who're you gonna believe? Those guys are--we dropped off the damn money--
They did not receive the money, you nitwit!  They  did not receive the goddamn money.  HER LIFE WAS IN YOUR HANDS!
Well we--I don't--
Where's my goddamn money, you bum?!
Strong men also cry. . . Strong men also cry.
Fuckin' A.
Bunny Lebowski. . . She is the light of my life.  Are you surprised at my tears, sir?
'Scuse me?
Bunny.
Mind if I smoke a jay?
Sure.  That and a pair of testicles.
Is it. . . is it, being prepared to do the right thing?  Whatever the price?  Isn't that what makes a man?
I don't know, sir.
Huh?
Dude.
It's funny.  I can look back on a life of achievement, on challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.  I've accomplished more than most men, and without the use of my legs.  What. . . What makes a man, Mr. Lebowski?
Sure!  Fuck it!  That's your answer! Tattoo it on your forehead!  Your answer to everything!
Ah fuck it.
My wife is not the issue here. I hope that my wife will someday learn to live on her allowance, which is ample, but if she doesn't, sir, that will be her problem, not mine, just as your rug is your problem, just as every bum's lot in life is his own responsibility regardless of whom he chooses to blame.  I didn't blame anyone for the loss of my legs, some chinaman in Korea took them from me but I went out and achieved anyway. I can't solve your problems, sir, only you can.
No, look.  I do mind.  The Dude minds. This will not stand, ya know, this will not stand, man.  I mean, if your wife owes--
But I do work, so if you don't mind--
Is this a--what day is this?
You don't go out and make a living dressed like that in the middle of a weekday.
Employed?
Are you employed, sir?
Look, let me explain something. I'm not Mr. Lebowski;  you're Mr. Lebowski.  I'm the Dude.  So that's what  you  call me.  That, or Duder. His  Dudeness.  Or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing--
You're just looking for a handout like every other--are you employed, Mr. Lebowski?
Come on, man, I'm not trying to scam anybody here, I'm just--
Hello!  Hello!  So every time--I just want to understand this, sir-- every time a rug is micturated upon in this fair city, I have to compensate the--
Well no, like I said, Woo peed on the rug--
Hello!  Do you speak English?  Parla usted Inglese?  I'll say it again. Did I urinate on your rug?
You mean, did you personally come and pee on my--
Did I urinate on your rug?
So you know they were trying to piss on your rug--
I'll say it again, all right?  You told Brandt.  He told me.  I know what happened. Yes?  Yes?
Well they were looking for you, these two guys, they were trying to--
You told Brandt on the phone, he told me.  So where do I fit in?
Well sir, it's this rug I have, really tied the room together-
Stay away from me!  You bullies! You and these women!  You won't leave a man his fucking balls!
Shit, sorry man.
You're bullies!  Cowards, both of you!
Oh, shit.
Stay away from me, mister!
This guy fucking walks.  I've never been more certain of anything in my life!
Let me tell you something else. I've seen a lot of spinals, Dude, and this guy is a fake.  A fucking goldbricker.
I said out.  Now.
Look at that fucking phony, Dude! Pretending to be a fucking millionaire!
I'll tell you who I am!  I'm the guy who's gonna KICK YOUR PHONY GOLDBRICKING ASS!
Who the hell is he?
This is a league game, Smokey!
You happy, you crazy fuck?
All right!  There it is!  It's fucking zero!
YOU THINK I'M FUCKING AROUND HERE? MARK IT ZERO!!
Walter--
A world of pain.
I'm not--
Yeah, but I wasn't over.  Gimme the marker, Dude,  I'm marking it an eight.
Am I wrong!?
Yeah, but--
This is not Nam.  This is bowling. There are rules.
Bullshit. Walter!
Excuse me!  Mark it zero.  Next frame.
Bullshit.  Eight, Dude.
Over the line, Smokey!  I'm sorry. That's a foul.
Smokey Huh?
Someday.
He's all yours. And I'm not your partner.
He's half yours, partner.
<i>You'll</i> take him.
We'll take 'em in the morning.
Whatta we do about the Mex?
Wanna hear something more impressive? My first twenty fights were stumblebums handpicked by my manager. My girlfriend saw you fight a couple times over at the Olympic. Says maybe you <i>could</i> take me.
Impressive.
Tom here's my ninth hard felon of the month. Six weeks he'll be sucking gas. In three years I'll be working Central Warrants. Jewboy Deputy D.A. over there wets his pants for fighters. Promised me the next spot he can wangle.
I came all the way down here same as you did.  Keep from gettin' killed. Happened to see those jarheads beatin' on a good collar--  Habla Ingles, Tomas?
You come all the way down here to roust--
I want to see the sun rise.
What do you want me to do?
Not good.
How does it look?
I don't understand.
It means "bloodbrother."
Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what you said?
You're hurting me.
Well it's in mine, too.  I'm a pureblood.  I wasn't turned.  I was born this way.  Just like you.  Am I evil because I want to survive?  What about a wolf?  What about any predator?
I am a hunter.  A weapon.  It's what I do.  It's in my blood.
Why do you hate us so much?
If that's true, then why'd you save me?
Get real.  I was useful to Damaskinos as long as the hunt was still on.  Now that it's over, all bets are off.
It doesn't have to be like that.  We don't have to be enemies.
Because one of us is going to kill the other before this ends.
Why?
You don't want to go there.
I wouldn't read too much into it.
It would've been easy for you to let me die back there today, but you didn't.
For what?
Thank you.
I don't think so.
Anyone else make it?
"Each day is a little life.  Every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death."
What?
Each day is a little life.
Save it.  I don't want to hear your words.  Let's do this NOW!!!
Blade.
Fry 'em.
Blade.  We've got six Reapers.  They're all dead.
Really?  What are we supposed to do, then?  Starve ourselves because we fee on others in order to live?  What about that scumbag you just let off the hook? A nothing.  A drug-dealer.  How do you justify saving people like that?
You don't have to hunt to do it.
He's right about one thing.  We do have to survive.
Exactly.  Look at the digestive system. It's been drastically simplified.  Super charged.  And this --
Like cancer with a purpose.
I've never seen anything like this.  The Reapers are as different from us as we are from you.  It's almost as if the virus is re-wiring their bodies, creating new, parasitic organs which consume the old ones.
Nomak's different.  He's the carrier.  There's something driving him beyond the Thirst.  Something we're missing.
If that's true, what about Nomak?  He's been alive longer than the others.
No hemoglobin left. Their metabolisms are too fast.  They burn out.  That's why they're having to feed so often.  Their systems are self destructing.
Time.
Right.  So why is he dying?  He doesn't appear to have any broken bones, no entry wounds of any kind -- what's killing him?
Which means he turned about seventy-two hours ago.
From the surveillance footage in the bloodbank.  He was one of the guard's Nomak attacked.
Recognize him?
Minutes.
how long since he was bitten?
I didn't know.
He escaped.  You didn't tell me they were immune to silver and garlic.
What about Nomak?
I'll heal.
You're hurt.
Nothing.
What was that?
We need it.  Sensations are addictive and pain cuts the deepest.  Tattoos, piercings, tribal scarring -- because we regenerate, none of it's permanent.  So we have to take it to the next level. To remind us we're alive.
What is it with you people and pain?
I haven't forgotten.
This is our world you're entering.  You may see things -- feeding.  Just remember why you're here.
The House of Pain.
Where to first?
We're going to be working as a unit, you people will be taking orders from me.  So let's get it over with.  I'll give you a free shot, Reinhardt.
What the hell are you doing, Blade?
You've been training two years to take me out.  Here I am, the big, bad vampire hunter.  So do it.
No.  They've been training to hunt you.
Then they weren't created to go after your "patient zero".
Two years.
You're missing the point.  Their vampire victims don't die.  They turn.  They become carriers.  If the Reapers continue unchecked, there could be thousands of them before the month is over.  Do the math.
Seems like he's doing me a favor, then.
Survival.
Why?
They tell bedtime stories about you. Blade the big, bad boogie-man.  Frankly, I'm disappointed.  That you were willing to come along so easily, I mean.  Without any assurances.
What?
Blood...
Come on, Blade.  Talk to me!
Then who does he work for?
I did some checking on that Carter Stevens character.  That familiar of theirs who claimed he was with the NIH? Turns out he used to work for them, but he doesn't anymore.
Why don't you ask your girlfriend?
What's your problem, Whistler?
Just out connecting a few dots.
Where the hell have you been?
Your security's for shit, kid.
We'll split into three units.  First team that makes contact wins the prize. Try to maintain radio silence from here on out.
Eau de suckhead.  Tasty.
It means I'm starting to wonder if the vampires still have their hooks in you. You've been acting strange ever since I gave you the cure.  Reckless, quick to anger --  You said it yourself, Whistler.  Those vampires knew our defense system backwards and forwards.  Where'd they get their intel?
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
Pretty hollow words coming from a man who spent the last year running with the enemy.
I am worrying.  Seems to me, you're starting to get confused as to which side of the line you're standing on.
I wouldn't worry about it.
You ask me, you and Miss Muffet are getting a mite too cozy for my taste.
I'll show you.
Where were you, Whistler?
Ran into a little Reaper trouble myself.
I thought you were supposed to be watching our backs.
I'm not giving you a choice, old man.
I don't like it.
He's right.  They'll smell that you're human.  Stay here, watch our backs.
These guys are shitting bricks cause they're no longer on the top of the food chain.  They're going to fuck us the first chance they get.
What do you really think?
Sounds like a plan.
What do you think?
Either that or feeding the worms.
I agree.  We play along for now, we might wind up learning something about how their world ticks.
You put a bullet in my brain.  Wouldn't expect anything else.
Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst for good.  I'll be watching you close. You start to back-slide --
Took you long enough.
Did you think I wouldn't?
You came back for me.
Like a fucking heifer took a dump in my mouth.
How do you feel?
Seems like there's a lot of that going around these days.
Thought you were dead.
Put it back in park, Blade.
So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with.
So?
Must be hundreds of these skeletons here.
You don't have a choice.  You're just going to have to protect yourselves as best you can.
Spare me the race card, OJ.  We're not going out into the sun.  It's too risky.
Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it?
And so will we.
Revenge.  That's what Nomak wanted all along.  To pay back the people who created him.
And why is that?
Too bad you're out of it.
True, but thanks to you, we know his weakness.  We can keep him contained. It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down.
I should think that would be obvious at this point.
The genetic material you spliced into Nomak --  Where did you get it?
Not alone.
You want me to hunt them for you.
For what?
It has been said, you may have enemies whom you hate, but not enemies whom you despise.  Be proud of your enemy: then his success shall be yours, too.  In that regard, I should thank you.
Two things.  One, I was on to you the moment they turned you.  And two --  I switched that dud of yours back with the real one.
So that's down and dirty.  Got anything to say for yourself?
You're wasting your time, Blade.  The flechette's a dud.
Kiss your ass goodbye, Reinhardt.
He wants us to know he's hunting us now.
Nomak?
He was here.  Watching us.
What's going on?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.  Isn't that how the saying goes?
So you're going to do this?
Human?
Motion sensors.  Looks like Zone Three.
I don't know about this, man --
Gonna try and OD Whistler on a retroviral cure.
Ultra-rapid detox.  They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night.
You got something in mind, Blade?
Ain't nobody here but you and me, chicken wing.  I'd say this is as good a time as any to settle up.
What the fuck you doing?
Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark. What am I supposed to do?
We want to attract them, not scare them off.
Ain't no thing but a chicken wing, buttercup.
Listen, hillbilly, you are a cunt-hair away from cowboy heaven.
You need to ratchet those 'nads of yours down a few notches, paco.
Oh yeah?  Like how little?  In case you hadn't noticed, we lost two men while you were out farting around.
Well you've got it, warmblood.  Now what the fuck are you gonna do with it?
Getting your attention, Paco.
Hey, hey!  The fuck you doing?!
Maybe it's better that way.
Are you insane?  He'll kill us both!
We're locked in.
You experimented on your own, son?
From his father, of course.
Nomak said something to Blade in Greek. Athelfiki singenia ex amato.  Where did he learn that?
I would hate to think you were losing your perspective.  Who do you think God favors in the web?  The spider or the fly?
Thiavolos, as we used to say in Greece. The Devil.  Pure Thirst.  Nothing more. He was born a vampire, but he is an anomaly.  Like you.  Unlike the rest of us, however, he feeds on not just humans, but vampires as well.
His name is Jared Nomak.
As scripted?  You've already lost two of your own.  How many more are you willing to sacrifice?
You worry too much, Stevens.  I have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted.
Any game worthy of being played is.  One must be patient.  In this way, I have outlived my enemies.  All of them.
No.  This is a dangerous game, you're playing, Damaskinos.
An inevitability, I suppose.  Nyssa was not among them, I trust.
Two so far.
Any casualties?
They've made contact with the Reapers.
Yes?
Us?  What are you talking about?
Your blood has a very rare phenotype, one that's quite valuable to people like us.
It depends.  We came up with some unusual results on your blood test.
No --  Does that mean I can't be a donor?
Nobody to call in case of an emergency?
Not that I'm in contact with.
I see from your questionnaire that you don't have any immediate next of kin?
Back when Blade had me hunting down your puckered old ass.  What's up with your hair, anyway?  Fucking Willie Nelson look-a-like?
You little shit.  When did they get to you?
Yeah, your little cootchie knew.
After last night?  Dude, I'm a lover, not a fighter.
What about you?  You're not coming?
I was backpacking.  Hooked up with these two chicks who were off to see the Burning Man festival.  We were gonna take "E", have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert.  You know the riff, "Dear Penthouse, I never thought this would happen to me, but --"
Pretty.
Blade doesn't talk about anything much.  What about you, though?
Blade doesn't talk about the old days much.
Going on twenty years now.
So how long have you known Blade, anyway?
Nope.  Back then we did not.
Yeah, but you didn't have the Scudster working on it, did you?
You're wasting your time, already been tried.
Tweaked the phosphor rod, modified the collimated beam, wanna concentrate the light, get something like a UV laser going.
The hell are you fiddling with there?
Look, kid, they obviously found your base of operations.  If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves?
This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt-willies.
Our operation?!  Our operation?!  I built this operation, you fucking turd stain.
Hey, you think I don't know what's at stake here?  We practically compromised our whole operation to save your puckered old ass!  And for what?
Look, what's your problem?
Where'd you dig up this shit-bird anyway?
And you'll burn the damn thing out before your next fucking oil change.
Fuck yeah.  Whole package'll crank this betty up another three-hundred horsepower.
Gave it a more aggressive exhaust profile ramping.
The pimp-mobile?  Just made a few after market modifications.  Nitrous-oxide injection system, forged aluminum pistons and crankshaft, higher flowing fuel pump.
Whatever --  What'd you do to the Charger?
Scud.
Tell me something, Skid --
I know.  Just be quick about it, will you? Do it right.
Whistler, I --
No, we can treat the wounds --
Listen. You have to -- finish me off. You don't want me coming back.
Don't try to talk --
China Town. I need more serum.  What's all this?
Going somewhere?
Don't even start, old man.
What took you so long?
Wait.
Get in. Youre leaving.
It's not worth the risk. We can't trust her.
Maybe not. I did some checking, she's a hematologist. Knowledge like that might come in handy.
Stupidity.
Just do it, old man.
I had to increase the dose. You're building up a resistance to the serum --
She hasn't turned yet.  You can help her.
You should've killed her, then.
She's been bitten.
Are we bringing home strays now?
Whistler!
It's because I'm human that I can do this.
You're too human, Blade.
You don't have a few minutes, Frost.
You're wrong -- a few minutes more, and my transition will be complete. Even your sword won't be able to affect me then.
Guess you're not quite as invulnerable as you thought.
Take him.
Who dies first?
Frost!!!
No longer.
Watch me.
You're not going anywhere.
You sure now? I bled a newborn for this. You won't find a drink that's sweeter.
Pass.
The pause that refreshes --  Care for some? Smells good, doesn't it? Pungent, with just an irrepressible hint of iron.
Am I? You think the humans will ever accept a half-breed like you? They can't. They're afraid of you.  The humans fear us because we're superior. They fear us because in their hearts they know their race has become obsolete.
You're wrong.
Oh, so it's back to pretending we're human again, is it? Spare me the Uncle Tom routine. You can't keep denying what you are. You're one of us, Blade. You always have been.
Maybe I don't see it that way.
Why not? The future of our race runs through your bloodstream. You've got the best of both worlds, Blade. All of our strengths and none of our weaknesses.
I don't buy it.
It's not very effective in direct sunlight, but it's a start. The goal, of course, is to be like you, "the Day-walker".
I dabble in pharmaceuticals, medical research. We've developed a type of sun-blocker using octyl salicylate, a few others things.
How can you be out here?
Beautiful day, isn't it?
You've been here longer than you think.
But I just got here --
I am tired. Dawn is coming.
How do I stop it?
Yes. The vampire apocalypse. It is said that all who feel its taint will succumb to the Thirst.
"The Blood Tide".
The Day Walker's blood is a disparador -- a trigger, you see? For LaMagra's return. One need only consume it and the spirit of his ancestors will settle upon him.  "And the Sleeper will rise from the shadows anew, cleansing the world in a Tide of Blood."
The vampire God. This speaks of His return.
Who is LaMagra?
This is an old tongue, from an old world. It concerns LaMagra.
Show me.
I didn't come here to get my palms read. I need something translated.
Hold out your hands.
There are other ways to see. Sit.
You're blind --
Is something wrong, my friend?
For them. But for me --
I never imagined I'd be so happy to see the sun rise --  It's over, isn't it?
Yes you will. The human side of you is stronger. I know it is.
I can't -- I won't be able to stop --
It's the only way. You know that. We'll never get out of here alive if you don't.
No --
I know. Take some of my blood.
-- tearing me -- apart.
You don't understand. The Thirst --
I'm not leaving without you.
Get out of here --
What are you talking about?
It won't work on you.
We get out of this alive, maybe I'll take that miracle cure of yours.
Is it bad?
I don't know. I woke up just before you did --
How long have we been driving?
I've been better --
Are you all right?
You make it sound like I'm already dead.
For what it's worth, I'm sorry.
I'm just tired, that's all. We've been up all night.
You don't look so good.
Some. It's been slow --
Any progress?
Your mother sounds like a Hallmark greeting card.
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart.
We've got a good arrangement, that's all. Whistler makes the weapons, I use them, the vampires die -- end of story.
You care about him, don't you?
Cancer.
Is he sick?
For your miracle cure?
I made a trip to the hospital last night, borrowed some equipment.
Blade --
Just get out of here.
If you're not human, then why do you bleed like us? I've seen vampire blood, you don't have it running through your veins.
I do. I remember from day one. People staring at me, sensing I was different. Watching the fear grow in their eyes, knowing in their hearts I wasn't human.
Those aren't real memories. No one has that kind of recall.
I can't close my eyes without hearing her scream.
You get used to the darkness.
It's dark in here.
Serum -- it's a human hemoglobin substitute.
What am I injecting you with?
Nothing that won't heal by dawn.
You're hurt --
You've been watching too much TV. They've got their claws sunk into everything -- finance, real estate, politics. Probably own half of Downtown.
Isn't this all a little high-tech? I thought vampires were more into cobwebs and coffins.
Some kind of archive --
What is this place?
Like me.
Like what?
There are worse things than vampires out there.
So many of them -- I still can't believe they're real.
The way they move, they way they smell --
How can you tell?
Looks like we hit pay-dirt. This place is crawling with them.  See the valets over there? They're vampires. So is the doorman.
He will.
You let him go --  An hour ago you were ready to kill a man for less, this one didn't even talk.
Owned by vampires. There's one of these in every major city, and just like Domino's, they always deliver.  You telling me you're ready to walk through that door?
I know this place -- it's a blood bank.
Look closer.
Graffiti --
What do you see here?
What are you looking at?
You don't know that.
There is no cure.
Look, if what you say is true, if there's a chance I could turn into one of them, then I've got no choice, do I? I have to work with you. I need to learn everything I can about them. It's the only way I'll be able to find a cure for myself.
It's war, now get the fuck out of the way!
You can't do this, he's human, it's murder.
Preventive medicine.
What are you doing?!
For some. Live forever, never get old. The ultimate high.
And that's a good thing?
Because they're vampire wanna-bes. If they're loyal, if they prove themselves, then their masters will turn them.
Why in God's name would anyone want to work for them?
That's a glyph, kind of like a vampire cattle brand. That means Officer Friendly here is someone's property. Any of the other vampire's try to bleed him, they'll have to answer to Friendly's owner --  This glyph belongs to Deacon Frost. We've been tracking him for a while now --
He's a familiar. A human who works for the vampires. See this mark?
But he's a policeman --
He didn't. Get over it.
But, he could've --
It worked, didn't it?
You used me as bait?!
Figured they'd send someone after you. Thought I'd wait around and see who showed up.
How did you know?
That's ridiculous! No one's that powerful.
Do it. You'll be dead before you can file the complaint.
I can go to the police. I have blood samples back at the hospital. I can show them.
Not anymore. You've seen one of them. You won't be allowed to live after that.
I can't just leave. I have a life here, a career --
I don't care what you believe. I saved your life once, I don't plan on making a habit of it. You want my advice, you'll be out of the city by nightfall. If you're stupid enough to stay, that's your business.
And you honestly expect me to believe all this?
What happens then?
Because you're tainted. The venom's still inside you. You could still turn on us.
Why?
You're joking --
-- he's a vampire.
I'm sorry, I --
You shouldn't be here.
There's only one alternative to the serum.
Maybe it's time to start exploring other alternatives.
I was afraid that might happen.
Whistler says I'm building up a resistance to it.
I was in the neighborhood.
You're a week early.
How's it going, Kam?
You will. Time is on our side. Sooner or later, the Thirst always wins.
I don't believe that.
I wish you could see the world as I do. Deacon opened my eyes. There's no turning back from that.
You don't understand. I've killed, I've hunted, and I've enjoyed it.
You don't have to be.
These are my people now. I'm one of them.
How could you be a part of this?
Listen to your father, Jason. It's going to be a better world.
Please --
Fight him --
Deacon brought me back.
But you -- died --
Jesus, Karen, you're breaking my heart here --
-- but then I remember what an ass-hole you were and I'm snapped back to reality.
Sometimes --
Tell me something, honestly, you ever have second thoughts about us?
He looks different now, burns are less extreme, some of these wounds have closed up --
What?
That's weird --
Just the blood sample from the pericardial sac.
You haven't started in on the internal organs?
No problem.
Five minutes, not a second more. And I don't want to hear a word about "us".
This is purely professional curiosity, Karen, I swear.
I thought you promised to give me some distance?
It's not a joke. I've got the stiff sitting in the morgue right now -- look, just come up and see him, okay? Five minutes, that's all I ask.
Curtis, it's three in the morning. I'm really not in the mood for one of your practical jokes.
What about the chemistry panel?
The red blood cells are biconvex, which is theoretically impossible. They're hypochromic, there's virtually no hemoglobin in them.  Look at the PMNs, they're binucleated, they should be mononucleated.
I don't know --  Look at this blood smear --
Then what is it?
This isn't human blood.
The other elders will never let you get away with this!
How do you like that? Right on time.
Perhaps.
You're wasting your time, Frost. Far greater scholars than you have tried to decipher these words. Whatever secrets they hold have been lost.
Please. You and the other Elders wouldn't know what to do with these texts if your lives depended on it.  Which, of course, they do.
These archives are restricted to members of the House of Erebus.
Someone who's sick of living off scraps. The coming age belongs to us, not the humans!  When the final war between our races comes, who do you want leading the charge?
The shadows suit us, Frost. We've existed this way for thousands of years. Who are you to challenge our ways?
He is an abomination!
Study him. Unlock the secrets of his DNA. He's the key we've been looking for.
I see. And what would you have us do with this "half-breed"?
Why should I respect something which has outlived its purpose?
Deacon Frost. You refuse to speak our language, you insult the House of Erebus by using the humans' gutter-tongue, have you no respect for tradition?
The Day Walker represents a unique opportunity. We'd be fools to waste it by killing him.
You're wrong, Dragonetti.
Blade. Once again, our interests have fallen victim to his ridiculous crusade. He must be destroyed.
Get away from him!
I was wrong about you, Blade. You were never one of us. You're a traitor to your race.
You're wasting your breath, woman. He can't hear you now. It's the Thirst, you see? It already has him in its grip.
Blade --
Why? Because we live at another species' expense? Your people farm cattle and veal, don't they? Fattening them up with steroids? It's called evolution, Doctor. Survival of the fittest.
You're a monster.
Only as a last resort. Preserved blood is inferior. There's no flavor left to it, no life.  Fortunately, I've found a way around that particular obstacle.
But you use blood banks --
What makes you think we want to be cured? Blood is only part of the equation. The hunt, the killing, that's what the Thirst is really about.
There's no need for any of this. Your condition can be treated. Whistler and I were working on a cure when --
Who better to usher in the Blood Tide?
You.
LaMagra isn't a physical being. He's a spirit, requiring a flesh and blood host in order to manifest himself.
That's right. The answers were there all along, of course, scribbled down in the forgotten languages of my kind. Waiting for someone with the patience to decipher them. My elders were foolish enough to dismiss them as wives tales. But I knew better.  Imagine my surprise when Blade turned out to be the key which would set that force free.
LaMagra --
The Blood Tide. Our long-prophesied holy war against the humans. There's a force, you see -- a spirit that exists in our blood. I've discovered a way to invoke it.
What happens then?
A few thousand scattered about the globe. In the past, we've had to restrict our numbers for fear of discovery. That won't be necessary after tonight.
How many of you are there?
I don't know, but the back-up generator should've kicked in.
What happened to the power?
Then we're back to square one, aren't we? Sooner or later, the Thirst always wins.
On me, yes. On Blade, I'm not so sure --  The problem is, Blade didn't contract the vampire virus from a bite like I did. He was born with it. The irony is, I could probably cure every vampire but him.
With a retrovirus. It's injected into the bone marrow cells, it causes the host's DNA to mutate. They've been using them to treat Sickle-cell anemia.
How?
Basically you'd have to re-write the victim's DNA, alter it so that the DNA will produce proteins capable of generating hemoglobin.
Then vampirism is a genetic defect, just like Hemolytic anemia?
Their own blood can't sustain hemoglobin.
All right, let's start with the basics -- why do vampires need to drink blood?
I'll take my chances.
I wouldn't go in there if I were you. It's best to leave him alone when he's like this.
Frost's bodycount keeps rising, and I'm not getting any younger, am I?
And now you're using Blade to exact your revenge?
I didn't. He was cruel enough to let me live.  Even gave me a souvenir to remember him by.
How did you escape?
Eventually. He toyed with them first. He made me choose, do you understand? Which order they would die in --
He killed them?
I had a family once -- a wife, three daughters. Then a drifter named Deacon Frost came calling one evening --
Habit, mostly, just like this.
Why do you hunt them?
Which is why you're here. We could use someone with your experience.
No offense, Whistler, but you're not exactly working with state of the art equipment here. You might have missed something.
The Thirst overcomes him, just like the others. It's not something he can control.  The problem is, time's running out. His body's starting to reject the serum. And so far, all my efforts to find a cure have ended in failure --
What happens if he doesn't take the serum?
Blade's unique, you know. A one in a billion anomaly. He can withstand sunlight, garlic, even silver. But he still has the Thirst.
We weren't sure we could trust you.
Why didn't you tell me the truth about him?
Go on, I'll be fine!
Whistler!
You think I'd let him run loose without a chaperone? Blade ferrets their rat-holes out, I map them. Then we blow them all to kingdom come.
You've been listening in the whole time?
We keep in radio contact.
There is one other thing. I'd buy yourself a gun if I were you. If you start becoming sensitive to the daylight, if you start becoming thirsty regardless of much you've had to drink -- then I suggest you take that gun and use it on yourself. Better that, than the alternative.
So that's it? You guys just patch me up and send me on my way?
Consider it a parting gift. Vampire mace -- silver nitrate, essence of garlic.
Some of the old wives' tales are true -- they're severely allergic to silver, various types of wood. Feed them garlic and they'll go into anaphylactic shock --
So what do you use, then? A stake?
My name is Abraham Whistler.  This is Blade. As for our little homunculus here --
Who are you people?
You've been bitten by a vampire. We've got to try and burn out the venom, just like a rattlesnake bite --
What -- ?
Nick!!
Bullshit! Talk!
Please! Please...? I haven't done anything.
--my God, Nick???
--Jamie Kurth, Jonathan Edmunds--
I'm not a witch, you're all crazy!
You killed Domini, didn't you, witch??
Closer.
No.
Closer. Lift the lid and look-- it hurts.
Not that I can see.
My eye, is there something in my eye?
What, are you alright?
--Anna--
Don't know--just that she was afraid--
What happened to her, where did she go?
A coward too. That's why she had to go.
What do you mean?
--bad boys, mean boys, <u>cowardly</u> boys--just like Domini.
Try, please, Anna--
I don't...I don't understand them myself.
I need you to talk to me, talk to me about the dreams--about James, the other boys.
Join the club.
'Give you a hand. I think my sleep for the night just ended.
Because it means the tree is older than the house.
Why don't you just cut it down and count the goddamn rings--who <u>cares</u>?
Hey, folklore--
--or incredibly fucking naive.
--which she may have--
--and if she ever did--
I just wanna go <u>home</u>.
--stop it! Stop talking about it! I'm gonna freak!
Sometimes. Where are we going?
Her father's Sheriff of Taos County.
To stand up--I'm exhausted. Been on the road since yesterday.
Inside the grave?
Trying to find the energy.
What're you doing there?
Yes.
Domini?
--he's not my husband!
Let's talk to your husband--
--I'm not staying here!
Mrs. Leavitt--
No!
I guess--
Look, this is not my field of expertise. You seem stabilized, but why take any chances? Let's keep you overnight and have the Staff obstetrician do a follow-up tomorrow.
Something was wrong.
--doubtful, Mrs. Leavitt. The main thing to remember is, whatever the reason, it was for the best-- it meant something was wrong.
I was out hiking, camping the past two days--that's what did it--<u>I</u> killed it--
Any number of reasons--pick one, it's as good as the other.
Why?
--Nick!!
Hang you like the witch you are, unless--
I haven't killed any--
--the witch kills children--
There's some stuff that's hard to part with. Editing's stuff's up there--
Looks like business is booming.
That's its name. A pastoral glade gamboling with crackheads and homeless and averaging at least one homicide a week.
That's a joke?
Druid Hill Park.
We're ticketed to fly back from Baltimore, anyway.
You can be goddamn sure, though, I'm going to be looking at every second of 'em when I get back to Baltimore--I get proof who stole my shit and I call the cops!
Oh, sorry, right.
--nothing left to play 'em on, honey.
Not the only things missing, Nick.
This is funny?? This is tens of thousands of fucking dollars!  You pricks! I'll see you in fucking court!!
So whoever built this--
Yeah, so?
No. What's it doing here in the middle of the foundation?
Oak?
Buried deep under 200 years worth of soil, ash, and compost layers.
Where they found the backpacks and all the film a year later.
The Witch's voice.
"The Voiiiiices made him do it."
Then there she blows.
I dunno, probably right up there, based on her resume.
--how old?
No idea, just talked to her on the 'Net--she's very good.
What's she look like?
Who?
She e-mailed me yesterday this is where we should meet her.
Why are we here?
Think again.
Guess they thought it was safe to put some up again.
'Thought those all got stolen.
--a six week bun in the oven--
--it's called "morning sickness," asshole--
--but she was nicer then--sweeter-- she hadn't vomited twice already like today--
--Christ almighty--
The bitched-out babe in back here is one Anna Tassio--we met one dark and stormy night in a Blair Witch chat room, we all did--
Only thing I'm feeling is homicidal.
Just trying to set the mood for the mission--get the "feeling."
Christ.
Down or off--you're giving me a migraine.
Shit? This is from "Josh's Blair Witch Mix," man!
--fuck your bullshit pieties! You were the next to die, asshole!
Oh, Jesus, no--
--what're you saying?? I didn't have anything to do with--
--like you hurt the baby--
I see for proof positive you're the goddamn witch--
Why?
Are you marked like this??
--no, what's wrong with you?
The clothes--take 'em off-- I want to see every square inch--
Whatever you want.
I want to see something!
--no, you're not. You love me too much. You don't want to see them kill me.
Then I'm going--
I can't.
I don't know what it is, but there is something <u>happening</u> here, and it's starting to scare the living shit out me, and look, I'm just <u>not</u> going to argue the point anymore--you want to stay here, stay, but I've got to get the fuck out of here, and I'm begging you to come <u>with</u> me.
Here.
Little boys. Looking up my skirt as I danced. Giggling.
What'd you dream?
I get dreams. I don't like 'em.
Just...try and go back to sleep.
No.
Just now?
What?
Was that you laughing?
I guess, yeah.
--you should get back into bed.
Nothing. I dunno--
Sleep.
What can I get you?
--Cotter's--
We'll stay overnight, get a hotel--
Get your goddamn--
--now c'mon!
--bullshit!
I'm not going anywhere, 'til--
We're leaving--case dismissed for lack of evidence. Maybe on the ride home we can figure how the fuck we're going to graduate with no thesis.
For once could you just sit down, shut up, and give something a <u>chance</u>?
We've looked at half of one tape.
I think we get the gist.
No idea. But if that's all we've got left--
And what do you possibly think you're going to fucking see there?
I want to see the tapes.
This is a goddamn disaster. Let's just pack it up and go.
--scared the living shit out of us.
--or someone--
Yes.
You want me to scooch over next to you?
I don't know. Nightmare.
Baby names?
I don't know.
You said the name "James."
What?
--fine, later, fine.
Anna--
You feel no need to get married or anything.
Could we take this up later--like indoors, without half the world listening?
Why is there no "our" here?
Your body, your call.
You don't want it though.
Let's just leave it at: it was one hell of a surprise.
Like how weirded-out you are with this pregnancy thing.
Pardon me, I've had a few things on my mind--like putting this safari together.
You know, Nick, you've been something of a total asshole the past few days.
No offense, sweetheart: fuck you.
It was <u>free</u>--I recall that was the chief selling point for you.
Your parents didn't have a <u>bigger</u> one?
No--<u>this</u> is weird.
Oh, <u>c'mon</u>--even you have to admit this is weird.
The rest of the family was crazy as Rusty Parr.
--<u>whoever</u>--they built an entire house <u>around</u> a <u>tree</u>. Sticking up right through the living room. Somebody like to explain that to me?
--brother of Rustin Parr's maternal grandfather, somewhere after 1858--
Okay, fine, whatever, yes--it's an <u>old</u> tree.
--do you <u>agree</u> it's that <u>old</u>, Nick?
It's a <u>sketch</u>, Anna--it's not to- scale cartography; the tree was not the kids' focus--
That's a sapling--<u>this</u> mother's got to be three hundred years old, minimum.
What is <u>this</u>?
--chalked just hours ago by ancient adolescents. It's called vandalism.
<u>Yes</u>.
You sure?
No.
--or one huge attack of group hysteria.
--doesn't just pop out of thin air. It spins off of real events. At some point there <u>was</u> a Blair Witch--
--<u>myth</u>--
--whatever; that's her.
No, the kids were actors, the townspeople were real. Her, the Sheriff, the Convenience Store guy--
That's not whatzername--it's Mary Brown.
What?
Jesus.
She <u>is</u>--she's helped solve a bunch of murders: Arizona, New Mexico--
So says her website.
Domini. Domini Von Teer.
Whatzername--the "psychic" Anna hired.
It's like traveling back in time.
Cheery little place.
I can't let you in.
It's my fucking <u>job</u>, man!!
I can't.
Not until I get that Beta Cam back! We're both in a world of shit here!!
You have to go.
I know you're in there, you piece of shit!
Looks like a rope.
The, uh, blur there.
You mind me asking: why the fuck?
Yeah.
<u>This</u> is what you wanted enhanced?
--no one'll ever know.
--Christ, they find out I let you have it for the weekend--
--hours before--
<u>Before</u> 5:00--
Absolutely.
Beta Cam's still coming back tomorrow, right?
I know, I know.
You're gonna owe me the rest of your life, bud.
It's not about witches, goddamnit!
The witch?
Just let me get my coat off--I had eight cups of coffee, I'm wired for sound here.
So lemme see it.
Four in the morning?
--go!
I got a friend at a Lab. I could get the whole thing blown-up, enhanced--
If I could do that, I'd be at the goddamn racetrack, not here.
Can't you like just divine it?
Who do you know who can? Where do we go?
I'm the ebay Boy, remember? I can't exactly afford that kind of equipment.
Can you zoom it or something, make it real close, real big?
Okay, a blur.
Fine.
Back it up, rewind, whatever you call it.
There, what? I didn't see anything.
Like hell. Play the goddamn tape.
Does it hurt?
Fine.
Turn the tapes back on.
This is a little nuts.
Something. Someone.
What? That made her lose the baby?
Something happened to Anna in Burkittsville, in the woods, I don't know.
--there's something <u>here</u>, Nick--
Hey, <u>chill</u>, man--
Well, please keep me fucking informed!
I don't know yet.
Oh, who did then? Blair Witch? Snatching equipment to make her own sequel?
I don't think it was them.
No.
My ass--you saw those four fucking baboons put 'em there!
--hunch. Just sort've saw 'em there.
How'd you know they were--
--no, I think they're all in there.
<u>One</u> set. Everything from midnight on--
--yeah, the goddamn stoners! Who you think stole the stuff!?
--last thing I remember were those four clowns shooting the movie--
Sometimes.
So, I hear you're from New Mexico!
Both. Now.
Beer and weed is what I've got.
I want amphetamines.
You want a hand?
Anna's the witch.
Remember....what Mary Brown said-- she could see the witch's hands on my face, her mouth sucking on mine.
Doesn't say--it's just these pages.
--who?
--it's the "Blair Witch Cult"--a copy-- some pages from--one of them on the site must've gotten my message--
--shhhh! #5, there's something up there!
--I don't trust anybody, not even me, anymore--
--f'chrissake, Heather, it's not like the two of us are gonna doze off he leaves for two seconds--
No one ever comes here.
Who?
Goes right along with these two.
For "James?"
That's a "j."
--one of us, all of us--I have no idea--brought whatever this thing is back here. We're not going to go out there and spread it around like Typhoid Mary. We're gonna figure it out, we're gonna bring a goddamn <u>end</u> to it.
--hell, I don't think I'm ever leaving this place again--
Nobody's going anywhere--
--before you lose your emotional lunch.
I'd strongly advise you to join us--
<u>What</u>--
Be it still alive, James?
--Domini!
--into the <u>Black</u> <u>Hills</u> with--200- something miles from here--
The cart they brought Elly Kedward into the woods with--
Yeah. Me too.
--I saw what I saw.
The moon trying to shoot down through all these trees--can make things funky--
--I don't know.
What the fuck--??
Next time try putting on shoes--
It's <u>freezing</u>.
--things got a way of finding <u>you</u> here.
How's she going to know where to--
Not the place you want to announce your arrival.
Down there in the Park.
Where?
Heather, does that look like Domini there?
Boy Kurth.
No idea--goddamitt!
You think it's possible the tree in the Parr foundation is the same one they tied Elly Kedward to?
Fucking owl!
Cotter?
--anywhere, anywhere, all up and live, all the time--fucking owl--
--Cotter, where can I get on-line?
--I look and look in the tree, all I ever see, he's always there watching, that stupid owl, over and over--
Same trees. They took Elly Kedward out to the same kind of trees.
Well, she got out of here <u>some</u>- how because she's not here!!
She would've had to have a key, anyway, to lock the deadbolt behind her.
Don't have one.
Fire escape??
My room, asleep, last I checked.
Where's Domini?
Gimme it!
I got the tape enhanced--and I managed to sleaze a photo blow-up. Jesus, he's gonna kill me when he finds out about the camera.
Where <u>is</u> it?
Still don't see it--
Whatta you got, telescopic vision?
I spend a lot of time on e-Bay. Buying, selling--sometimes buying then re-selling at substantial mark-up, sometimes just selling crap I find in the street.
English.
Hey, hon'--this is what pays the rent and tuition.
Su casa y shit-o hole-o.
Mi casa y su casa!
Just go.
Too busy eating us?
Get inside quick, they'll stop.
What?
--Cotter: shut up.
Used to be a meat-packing plant. Slaughter on the ground floor-- carcasses schlepped up on this thing for dissection and grinding and--
Not a great idea. Especially 'cross the street.
What about night?
Hey, I got a whole editing suite in my loft--more the fucking merrier.
Me, too.
--coming out of the water--
--yeah, a hand or something--
What're you doing with all this shit?
Get <u>out</u> of here!
What're you, nuts?
What're you, crazy??
Butt-ugly owl.
We should be so lucky.
Try a long walk.
No sense at all.  I'm a little stressed.
Made no sense. Scared out of their minds, and the greatest stress reliever in creation right at their fingertips. Nada.
No.
No fucking.
Yeah?
Three people: two guys, a girl-- sleeping in the same motel room, the same tent night after night.
What?
What I never could figure about the movie?
Ask me what I don't have.
What movies?
I've got the Panasonic Portable DVD player.
If you're looking at me, look elsewhere.
So where the hell am I going to sleep?
Never would've guessed.
Hadn't even opened the thing since Cub scouts.
Nice tent.
Why does everyone here but me have have a gigantic stick up their ass?
You're not only an idiot, you're a goddamn <u>child</u>.
Shut-up.
That's what Josh and Mike said.
I take it back--she <u>wasn't</u> an actor. She's a nutjob.
I do.
I don't believe this.
Oh, for chrissake, she was an actor.
From-the-movie-Mary-Brown, Trailer Park Bible Psycho?
Hey, Mr. Graduate Fucking Thesis here was s'posed to be driving!
You're a complete fucking idiot, aren't you?
--and unlike the first one, every second of it's gonna be true! "Blair Witch: The Real Story!"
--which'd be about ten bucks--
And let it be known--before we even get to Burkittsville--it's gonna be an eighteen thousand times better movie--for half the cost--
--fuckin' A right--
--thank you, Heather Arendt--and arend't we glad you're here--a real witch--
Maybe whatever they are, they just haven't appeared yet on her?
Why was <u>she</u> exempted, Nick?
One of the printers.
What?
--shit!!!
--it's less than four feet, just--
What're you nuts--
Just let it go, I've got you!
I can't!
Just hold on!
All the shit that was worth anything, yes. You'd be amazed, though, what you can get free on the 'net.
I thought all your equipment got stolen.
It's Domini, it's not Domini, I don't care--all I know is <u>I'm</u> not dealing with something--<u>anything</u>-- snuffing me in my sleep. I want to do what we did in the woods-- surveillance of this whole place 24/7, with somebody monitoring those cameras every second. There's something, somebody here, I want to see 'em coming.
I think it's time to get out of here.
Chrissake: why <u>any</u> of this?
Enough to make shapes and shadows in the dark into something else.
Enough to keep sane.
How much of that stuff you guys been smoking?
No one's been in or out since you left. Would've heard the dogs.
Well, she's got to be <u>somewhere</u> here.
It's not a real "funny" time for us, okay?
Sorry, I didn't think we were making that much noise.
You wanna keep it down, she's trying to sleep.
--still go see the OB in the morning--
--whatever you want, no problem--
--oh, Jesus--
What--
--great: we can watch Domini sleep for hours--or, shit, maybe if we stay at it for a couple of days, maybe a deer'll dash by!
There's four other angles, man, we haven't even--
A Cyber Entrepreneurialship.
Running a junk yard.
All I need--
Just one lock in this neighbor- hood?
First enormous brick warehouse on your right.
Let's get inside.
By day? No sweat.
I dunno it's safe to even get out of the car.
403 41st Street, kids: home.
They were making a movie--if they were going to steal anything it'd be <u>just</u> the tapes, to see if we had anything they didn't.
Spite.
Cotter, I think she's right. Why would those guys go to all the trouble of stealing the camera and all this other stuff and leave the tapes?
--I dunno, I just woke up--
--what happened to the goddamn "Witch-watch??"
Asleep--
--and none of 'em were mine! I-am-so-fucked, I-am-so-fucked-- where the hell was everybody???
Due for a re-load and battery check. I'll get on it.
How're the cameras doing?
Look, guys, we're cold, we're tired we're <u>shook</u>--we just want to get out of here as soon as there's light. We saw something up at Coffin Rock today--
<u>What</u>?
No problem, just give us 'til dawn and we're gone.
They're making "Blair Witch II," too.
--now there.
Okay, but--
Look over there.
What?
It's a <u>serious</u> sociological study.
Either way, maybe there's a book in it, and they both make a ton of money.
<u>Now</u> you can bring the vehicle to a stop: there on the left.
Was it <u>every</u> day or just semi- weekly you got your ass kicked as a kid?
Right. And the check's in the mail.
This isn't about us.
What're you doing?
Fine.
You drive, I'll handle the video, okay?
We're all going to be if you don't hit the brakes.
I'm not finished.
Cotter?
I am.
We're not making Blair Witch II here.
--turn the goddamn camera off!
--a Wiccan--
--Cotter--
--about the Witch--
--Graduate Thesis--
--they're from UMass, doing some kind of fucking term paper--
--turn the camera off--
This is her equally on-the-rag boy- friend, Nick Leavitt--
The wheel.
What?
Hold this.
--and we brought it back with us!
Someone want to tell me what's going on--
Why she kills children.
What?
No. I don't think so.
Pointless.
At least you still have the tapes.
That's almost a year's worth of work!  Scumbags! Oh, Jesus, Jesus....
Smells Like Teenage Spirit.
Ripped? They look like they were <u>bit</u> off.
Not planning on sleeping at all.
You planning on sleeping out there?
What?
Ah, Domini?
Oooh. Oooh.
Rusty Parr had the right idea on child care.
--sacred and occult Scotch Tape.
Ancient runes--
Look at those marks--just like in the movie.
I thought the movie was bitchin'.
She got <u>paid</u>.
See what turns up--which I guarantee will be nothing. Some of the rest of the party are more hopeful--
Why?
We're doing dusk-till-dawn taping of all the places where there've been alleged Blair Witch "sightings" --the Parr House, Coffin Rock, Tappy Creek.
What is all this shit?
Guy who killed all the kids in the '40s.
Ruins of the Rustin Parr house.
That they'll start touching us inside our heads.
What're you afraid's going to happen?
Go to the store. When you get back, I'll try to make sense of it for you.
I think you closed the bar again. I'll have to go out.
Get some more beer.
No big deal. I'm just trying to understand.
Sure. I'm sorry.
You gonna be alright?
I know, I know--
That's why she kills children.
Slow it down, slow it down, whatever it is, we'll figure it out.
It touched me, don't you see it now?
What?
That's the <u>reason</u>.
What?
Jesus.
....I don't know.
Are you alright?
What'd you say?
Dad...?
No. Elly Kedward's not the problem here, I don't think. She was just a good old-fashioned white witch--
Elly Kedward?
Still working on it.
What is it you thought you saw on that tape?
Okay.
At least go drink it somewhere spilling it won't drive him to suicide.
Two-to-one he dusts the keyboard for fingerprints the second he gets back.
He'll never know.
Cotter'll kill you.
There is something <u>there</u>--don't ask, just trust me.
For a blur?
Motion. Stop there. Play it again.
What'd you see?
Then I have no idea.
That'd be up on your shoulder, maybe your lower back.
Hmm? I dunno. Chafing from the backpack, something.
What's that?
--no.
Women miscarry all the--
And what's your excuse for being here?
The four of you really have too much spare fucking time on your hands, don't you?
I don't....
Then just give me one of your explanations that all three of us'll buy.
There are <u>other</u> explanations! She is not the goddamn witch, that's insane!
Like a blueprint for disembowelment.
--the marks appear, then you disappear. Like the little Kurth boy, like Domini, as soon as they come to full bloom--and mine <u>are</u>!
It's <u>possible</u> for chrissake--
Not that I've seen--but that has no meaning--that means nothing.
Does she, goddamnit??
Why?
Does she have marks, Nick--like the ones we have, that Domini had?
What the fuck's going on here?
Not this one.
I thought all witches were benign and good.
"It's why the witch kills children."
--fuck Anna!
Anna--
No. We <u>all</u> go.
You're needed here--keep watching--
She's far from "fine."
Check the monitor, she's <u>fine</u>.
I should check on Anna.
You <u>know</u> what we picked up in the woods--
--or Lyme Disease or poison sumac, or God knows what-else we could have picked up in the woods.
Put 'em together that's a "k." James Kurth--
Or a blood blister--or a bruise.
Gothic rune--the letter "S."
Don't! You're making me lose my grip.
I can't do it!
We're not dealing with fucking logic here!
Domini's the only logical explanation.
--why in the world would she just fly the coop in the first place?
Why in the world would <u>she</u>--
Domini.
We are being fucked with here, someone or something.
Hey, chemicals, fear, sleep- deprivation--and a round-the-clock obsession with the occult--hell've a recipe for a mind-fuck.
Spare me.
I dunno it's anything. It's a name Anna's mentioned--from her dreams.
What?
That feels good. Lower--down into my neck.
There's explanations. Rational explanations for everything that's happened. We'll drive ourselves crazy if we keep obsessing on supernatural what-ifs.
--it's not a could've--there <u>was</u>, Nick. And it fucked up Anna, and did something to Domini, and it caused my father to die, and it's here <u>with</u> us in this place <u>now</u>. And I don't have one single idea in hell what's going to happen next, just that it's going to happen to one of us. And then the other. And then the other. It's going to get into our <u>brains</u>.
You think....there could've been something up in those woods that Anna--
Shoot.
Okay. Hypothetically.
Yeah.
Heather.
--a <u>lot</u>.
Yeah, I know. It's...alright. We're all a little--
I'm sorry.
--I know!
She's off her fucking rocker--
Jesus, you don't think I know that? You don't think I've tried? She won't fucking <u>go</u>-- she won't leave this place.
Nick, what you should do is get her back up and get her to a goddamn <u>doctor</u>.
Finally got her back to sleep.
Whatever.
She <u>wasn't</u> a witch.
Whatever--all I know is the persecution's going to start all over again, they keep pumping out inflammatory bullshit like this fucking movie--
They never burned witches in this country, they hanged them.
The good old days: toasting marsh- mallows over a burning witch.
--she wasn't a witch--we embrace nature, not evil--
--bullshit--
--thank you for calling--
--his name's Von Teer! His daughter's named Domini!--
--yes, Ma'am, can I help you with anything else?--
--the Sheriff's Office--
--yes--
I'm talking to Taos, New Mexico--
....Ma'am?
His daughter, for God's sake-- I need to know if he's heard from her this morning.
Could I tell him what it's regarding?
--it's urgent!
He's in a meeting. Could I have him--
Yes! I need to speak to Sheriff Von Teer.
Good morning, Sheriff's Office.
No.
I'll tell your mother not to expect you at the funeral.
Yes.
There was an accident early this morning. Another car. Your father's injuries were fatal.
What happened to my Dad??
Your mother's pastor.
Who <u>is</u> this??
She wants me to talk to you, Heather.
You don't look too good. You sleep last night?
Meurice--
...I mean, I don't know where he is, but he ain't dead.
Sort of...
What?! Did Ray tell you that?
No Meurice, it's worse than that. Something really happened, I think Marty's dead--
...Ray stole a shitload of money from Marty. Until both of 'em calm down I'm not getting involved.
Abby...
Something happened with Marty and Ray--
...For you I answer the door. If you wanna stay here, that's fine. But I'm retired.
Well I do...
No, I--
Jesus, I got a hangover. Want a drink?
I... I'm sorry, Meurice. I gotta talk to you... Can I come in?
Abby. What's the matter?
Any time. But you don't have to worry about a thing for a while. Marty went down to Corpus yesterday.
Thanks, Meurice.
It won't?
You're gonna keep an eye on Marty and Ray, make sure nothing happens.
I am?
Listen Meurice, you're gonna help me with a problem.
I think someone's watching.
...So?
With your gun?...
...I don't know, wasn't it you? Maybe a burglar broke in, and you found--
You broke into the bar. You wanted to get your money. You and Marty had a fight. Something happened...
What do you want to know?
...But first I gotta know what happened.
Isn't that what you want?
...You leaving?
In the trunk.
...Where is everything?
All right...
...What's going on with you two?
Marty.
...Who?
...What was that?
I... I mean what're you talking about, Ray? I haven't done anything funny.
I don't know what you're talking about.
...That's what's important.
What the hell happened, Ray?
...That's the only thing they told us in the service that was worth a goddamn--Where the hell's my windbreaker?
Abby, never point a gun at anyone unless you're gonna shoot him. And when you shoot him you better make sure he's dead...
Ray--
...Anyway, we got some time now. But we gotta be smart.
I cleaned it all up, but that ain't important...
Well... what happened?
Yeah.
What happened?--Was Meurice there?
...What do you mean?
...I just wanted to let you know that everything was all right. I took care of everything. Now all we have to do is keep our heads.
Yeah.
...You called me this morning.
Yeah...
I didn't think I could sleep. I'm surprised you could. Are you all right?
Why didn't you get into bed?
I said you're bad.
...What?
You're bad.
...Ray?
Abby--
Okay, see ya... Thanks, Ray.
I don't know. I better get off now.
...You all right?
I don't know. It's early... I love you.
Ray?... What time is it?
Abby... you all right?
Hello?
Huh? Oh, yeah, I guess. Mm-hmm.
...You ever get tired?
When you don't they're usually nice.
...Mm-hmm.
Except when he doesn't say things they're usually nasty.
Thanks.
Nothing. He's like you, he doesn't say much.
What'd he say?
I said, Marty, how come you're anal and I gotta go to the psychiatrist?
Uh-huh.
Well, I didn't see him anymore, I'll tell you that much.
...I don't know if you can fire a psychiatrist, exactly.
Psychiatrist said I was the healthiest person he'd ever met, so Marty fired him.
Yeah? What happened?
...He sent me to a psychiatrist to see if he could calm me down some.
I couldn't believe it either...
...Well I'll be damned.
Yeah, he told me once himself. He said to me...
...Huh?
I knew it. 'Cause we wouldn't have heard anything if it was him. He's real careful. Fact is, he's anal.
Door's locked. Nothing there.
I could've sworn I heard something.
...Well, I'd be okay in here--
You wouldn't be putting me out.
Well... I'm not gonna put you out of your bed...
You can sleep on the bed if you want.
Well... the couch would be all right...
If that's what you want to do, then you oughta do it. You, uh... you want the bed or the couch?
...I can find a place tomorrow, then I'll be outta your hair.
You got a girl--am I screwing something up by being here?
Uh-huh. So how do you know it was a he?
I don't know, he didn't say anything.
On the phone. Was it for you?
What?
Who was it?
I just gotta see a guy.
Don't go to the bar, Ray. I know him, that ain't a good idea.
See a guy.
Where... where you going?
You can stay at my place, I'll drop you there.
...Drive me to a motel?
You kidding? I don't wanna leave all this, I just wanna leave Marty...
Why d'you wanna leave all this?
Your husband.
What was that?
Yeah.
...Ray?
I'm not surprised, the company you've been keeping the last ten years.
Christ, I'm getting bored.
I own the place.
You want to hustle me. I don't want to be hustled. It's as simple as that. Now that I've communicated, why don't you leave?
We don't seem to be communicating--
It'll pass.
Going out with Meurice.
...So what're you doing tonight?
About ten years.
So how long have you know Meurice?
You won't have to. I just wanted to see if you knew.
You won't have to. I'll explain what a palate is.
I don't follow baseball.
Listen, I got tickets for the Oilers and the Rams next week in the Astrodome. Ever sat on the fifty yard line?
Give Debra here another drink, and give me the usual.
Thanks.
You've got a very sophisticated palate.
Remy.
If he does come in I'm not here... What were you drinking, Debra?
Ever durned one.
And how many room got TV, Dusty?
See, Wednesday's the special on RC Cola. I don't know if I explained about the TV option. If there's a TV in the room, you got to pay the option.
Sure don't.
Channels, we got two and six. Two don't come in so hot.
Tell him the channels, Dusty.
I reckon I can hear him. TV option, that's a dollar twenty, makes nine eighty-six plus tax.
I reckon I can hear him...  ...Room rate's eight sixty-six a day plus sales tax, plus extra for the TV option.
He needs a room, Dusty.
Lubbock?
Right. Friday night is Yankee night. Where're you from?
...Friday?
What night is it?
What?
Hold it, hold it. What's tonight?
Yeah.
I mean, I ain't a marriage counselor--
Yeah.
Abby, I like you, but it's no point starting anything now.
Ray. Did you mean that, what you said before, or were you just being a gentleman?
I don't know. Motel... Abby--
Sign.
Back where?
...What was that back there?
I don't know... I just think maybe I'm making a mistake...
What's the matter?
No.
...You know that car?
...Hell.
Well now you do.
See, I never knew that.
I told you. I like you.
I'll figure something out... How come you offered to drive me in this mess?
...What're you gonna do in Houston?
Listen, I ain't a marriage counselor. I don't know what goes on, I don't wanna know... But I like you. I always liked you...
...I don't know. Sometimes I think there's something wrong with him. Like maybe he's sick? Mentally?... Or is it maybe me, do you think?
Yeah...
Well, I'm only an employee, I ain't married to him.
...Figured I'd better leave before I used it on him. I don't know how you can stand him.
Uh-huh.
...He gave me a little pearl-handled .38 for out first anniversary.
What're you, a fucking marriage counselor?
I want that money. If you wanna tell me something, fine--
...You get a refund though, if you tell me who else she's been sluicing.
You owe me for two weeks.
Then what'd you come here for?
Fine. Suit yourself.  ...Having a good time?
Well... if you're not gonna fire me I might as well quit.
I don't particularly want to talk to you.
Am I fired? You wanna hit me? What?
What "what"?
Nah, I trust ya.
...Count it if you want.
Then you shouldn't have done it. Can't have it both ways.
...it's too damn risky.
I must've gone money simple. This kind of murder...
...I just made a call about that. It'll look fine.
Nobody knows you hired me?
Of course.
Something I got to ask you, Marty. I've been very very careful. Have you been very very careful?
Jesus, I don't believe it...
It's taken care of. The less you know about it the better.
...What did you do with the bodies?
So it would seem.
Dead, huh?
Got something to show me first?
Just the ten thousand'll be fine.
Listen, what is it? Is it done?
...What kind of fish?
Yeah...
Ya catch any fish?
...What?
Ya catch any fish?
Yeah. Is it...
Go down to Corpus for a few days. Get yourself noticed. I'll give you a call when it's done... You just find a way to cover that money.
...What?
I want you to go fishing.
...There's a big--
The money. Yeah. That's a right smart of money...
For the money.
I'm supposed to do a murder--two murders--and just trust you not to go simple on me and do something stupid. I mean real stupid. Now why should I trust you?
I didn't say that. All I said was you're an idiot. Hell, you been thinking about it so much it's driving you simple.
So, uh... this wouldn't interest you.
You're an idiot.
What do you think?
Well what?
I didn't say that.  Well?
You want me to kill 'em.
Listen, I'm not--this isn't a joke here.
...Gee, I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me what you want me to do or is it a secret?
Yeah? Well how irritated are you?
It's, uh... it's in reference to that gentleman and my wife. The more I think about it the more irritated I get.
If the pay's right I'll do it.
It's not strictly legal.
...Well, if the pay's right and it's legal I'll do it.
Got a job for you.
...That's the test, ain't it? Test of true love--
Yeah, don't come by here any more. If I need you again I know which rock to turn over.
...Anything else?
No. It just made them feel better.
Now that don't make much sense.
Most of the night...
How long did you watch her?
Well, I don't know... Call it a fringe benefit.
You called me, I knew they were there, so what do I need these for?
...Just doin' my job.
What do you mean...
What did you take these for?
We get a lot of assholes in here, Marty.
...I don't want that asshole near my money. I don't even want him in the bar.
Meurice...
Kind of a bleak point of view there, isn't it Marty?
No. I think I'll stay right here in hell.
...I thought you were dead. Going home?
Where?  ...I'm very careful about that.
The point is we don't serve niggers here.
What's the point?
That's not the point.
Jack Daniels. Don't worry, I'm paying for it.
This.
What.
What's this?
Right.
Deuce in the corner needs help.
Right.
Don't throw that out.
What.
Pour that back.
Right. Sorry.
Red Label.
You said the usual--
What's this?
I don't know, didn't he call?
How would I know?
No, he's off tonight. Where was he last night?
Has Ray come in yet?
Yeah, I know. Pour 'em short.
What's that?
...and Abby. Maybe. But as far as I'm concerned that only leaves one fucking possibility.
You shouldn't have taken the money...
...Why?
No, you do, cowboy. You been to the bar?
Got a problem, Meurice?
For what?
Thanks Meurice.
Not here tonight. Wasn't here last night. He's especially not back in his office.
Is Marty here?
Wasn't too busy. You missed a good one, though. This white guy walks in about one o'clock, asks if we have a discount for alcoholics... I tell him to get lost, but Marty's sitting here listening and I can tell he's thinking that maybe it ain't such a bad idea...
Meurice. Sorry I didn't show last night.
Howdy stranger.
Tuesday night is ladies' night. All your drinks are free.
What?
Tuesday is ladies' night.
Tuesday.
What day is it today, Angie?
Yeah, well, I may be getting in over my head here, I mean you're the geologist, but my theory for what it's worth, you got all these volcanoes and each time one pops it's the equivalent of what, twenty, thirty megatons of TNT?  Enough to light Las Vegas for how long?  How many years? Course, I'm no mathematician but--
You we telling me about the Ring of Fire.
Where was I?
Aunt Barbara. I love you, but you're not gonna get it.
Sometimes it helps to talk things over. for instance, many marriages are saved by.
I don't want to talk about it. Everything's okay now. I don't want to talk about it.
Okay honey.
Well, I haven't seen any. I wouldn't worry about it. Look. I better go.
I've seen a few.
Oh yeah?. Have you seen any?
Okay honey. that sounds nice. Jeffrey. I think you've got termites in the house.
Will you tell Mom when she gets home from the hospital that I've gone to dinner at Sandy Williams' house?
I'm not sick.
Doctor Gynde. my whole family's sick. What's going on?
No. I'm just going to walk around the neighborhood. Don't worry.
Jeffrey. you're not going down by Lincoln, are you?
Aunt Barbara. I'll try not to get depressed.
I think it's important not to get depressed. Depression is a terrible thing. They say it can bring on illness.
Yeah. How's Dad?
You look good, Jeffrey. Did you have a nice flight?
I sent a trunk home yesterday. This is all I have.
Right Ben. LET'S GO FUCK. I'll fuck anything that moves.
See you Tuesday, Frank.
EXCUSE US por favor! Hey. let Tits see her kid.
Frank, I have something for you. Excuse us everyone.
If you like Frank. Here's to your fuck. cheers.
Shit. let's drink to something else. let's drink to fuckin'. Say here's to your fuck Frank.
To your health, Frank.
Darling, where are the glasses?. Oh. here they are.
Fuckin' good, real fuckin' good. You know this little tid bit, Dorothy, and this thing, here,  is a neighbor. What the shit we're doin' with a neighbor, I don't know. goddam!!! This is the suavest guy I know. look at you. You're one beautiful fucker, Ben. I love this jacket and that cigarette holder of yours. shit, that is too fuckin' much. Where's those glasses. this beer's gonna get too warm. I can't stand fuckin' warm beer. it makes me puke.
Fine Frank. Fine. How are you?
Shit Ben! How the shit are ya?
Certainly Frank.  Darling, get some glasses. We'll have some beer with Frank. Won't you sit down?
Suave. goddam are you suave, you fucker. You want some beer?
Fine. Welcome. Come sit down.
Hey, I brought some friends. and some beer.
Frank. Come in.
Oh my God. Is her son OK?
Not yet.
Does Dorothy know her husband is dead?
Because of your information I alerted internal affairs to check out Detective Gordon.  I had to keep on with him as if nothing was different.  He slipped off on his own when he found out we were going to raid Frank's place.
We're ten minutes away and moving as fast as we can.
Yes it's me!!! Frank is on his way up to Dorothy's apartment.  Oh no. Frank has a radio and is hearing everything we say!!  Detective Williams. hurry. I'm in the apartment. hurry. I'm hiding in the back bedroom.
Detective Williams here. Is that you, Jeffrey?
Detective Williams!! Detective Williams!!
Yes sir.
For now. Alright. you better be. And Sandy better not be involved with this, I can tell you. Be prepared to come in for further interrogation on this later.
You're all through with this now?
Only you. and the photo lab.
Who knows you have these?
No. not at all.
Is Sandy part of this?
I can't tell you the whole story. I. I took it upon myself. I can't say more.
Well now Jeffrey, how did you come to get so involved?
I have no hard proof of any of this. Her address is also on the photos. I think these people are involved with drugs. and murder. I think Frank is killing drug dealers and.  . and somehow Frank is getting all their drugs. I had to tell you I got slightly more involved in this than you wanted me to, but it's over now for sure. .I had to tell you about these things in case it could help.
And that man came out with a third man - this well-dressed guy. here's the photo. I think a girl named Dorothy Vallens is in trouble with these people. I think Frank has taken her husband and her son.
Okay. I gotta tell you. I've. discovered some things. .Anyway I have to show you some pictures and tell you some things about them. The first picture is this.
Okay?
Yeah.
Okay. come on in. Looks like you had a bad face lift.
Hi. Hi Sandy. I'm sorry to bother you, but I've got to talk to you.
Jeffrey! Come on in.
It's blue. blue velvet.
What color is it?
Blue. It's Blue Velvet.
What is this? What color is it?
Yeah. I get it.
I won't let the bastards get me up against the wall. It's an act of defiance.
Why do you do it?
Yes I have - so bad I wouldn't poison your mind by telling you.
I guess you've seen some bad things.
Yes.
Is that why you say it's horrible?
The criminals are winning.
Anything you can tell me?
Okay.
These are beautiful. How's the case coming?
If you want to come up a minute, I'll show you some pictures.
Yes?
Jeffrey?
And it's horrible too.  I'm sorry Jeffrey. That's the way it has to be. Anyway. I'm sure you do understand.
It must be great.
I was the same way when I was you age. I guess that's what got me into this business.
I understand. I'm just real curious like you said.
Detective Williams here. yeah. Tell him to go to Sergeant Milton. yeah, copy.  Well, Jeffrey, you found something which is very interesting to us. Very interesting. I know you must be curious to know more.  But. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you not only not to tell anyone about your find, but also not to ask more about the case. One day. when it's all sewed up, I'll let you know all the details. Right now, though. I can't.
Excuse me, Mrs. Williams.
Come into the study a minute.
Come on. I'll drive you home. It's on my way.
Got it. Thanks for letting me in on as much as you did.
By the way, Jeffrey, this story isn't going to the press and I'm going to ask you to consider all you've heard strictly confidential. Do not discuss this business with anyone, but me, or other police personnel. Got it?
Yep, that's right. Let's take a look at it.
Yeah. I've got it here in this bag. I thought I should bring it to you.
You did? A human ear?
He's alright, I guess. I hope. They're doing tests, that's why I'm home from school. I was over at the hospital this morning and I was going home and in the field behind our neighborhood. there behind Vista, I found an ear.
Sure I do. I understand he's in the hospital. How is he?
My name is Jeffrey Beaumont - I live near you. I believe you know my father, Tom Beaumont - Beaumont's Hardware Store?
Yes.
Are you Detective Williams?
Shut up. Gimme your lipstick.  . Hey, pretty, pretty.
Frank. he didn't mean it. Leave him alone. come on. He didn't mean it.
If you want to.
Can I feel 'em?
Those are my breasts.
Don't say PLEASE, Fuckhead. WHAT ARE THESE?
Come on, Frank. Let's go. Please.
Look at these. What are these?
Then, shut up!
Yes, but.
You want to see him too, right?
Frank?
Hey. Tits. I'm taking your neighbor to the country. maybe something for you too.
Where are we going, Frank?
From the neighborhood?  Shut the fuck up.  You like telephones? Huh?. You wanta go for a ride?
He's a friend. from the neighborhood. we were just talking.
Who's this fuck?
Baby wants to fuck.
. mommy's here.
. MOMMY!.
. my bourbon.
Hello, daddy.
Shut up. It's daddy. shithead.
Hello, baby.
Okay, I'm goin'. You'll see. I'll get you.
No way. get out. I'm gonna tell Frank. I'm gonna tell him what you said.
He's the reformed dealer though who wanted to turn himself in. he's the one that caused Frank to come and Frank's fucking us real good. I just feel so horny. I'm supposed to be here watching you why can't I be here fucking you. Listen. I know his cock's the size of a pin - let me give you the real thing. let me wet my whistle, baby.
Oh he forced you, huh?
Yeah, maybe so. Frank's got me. and you. and really it's all thanks to Don. isn't it. remember that. Your husband was the one who started fucking my mind with drugs.
'Cause he's comin' back, that's what for. Frank's got you really loaded tonight.
He's comin' back?. What for?
Alright, suit yourself.
Bull.
Yeah. but get outta here. He's comin' back.
Frank gone?
Hold me. I'M FALLING!
I promise, Dorothy. I promise.
HELP HIM!! Promise me you'll help him!
Don?. Where is he?
Hold me, Don.
Don. help him. HELP HIM!! DONNY!!!!
Who, Dorothy?
They hurt his head.
Shh. I'll tell you.
My secret lover.
It's okay. it's okay.
Where have you been?  Oh God. they hurt him, Jeffrey. Jeffrey, Jeffrey, Jeffrey, hold me. HOLD ME. Oh God.
Oh God, Jeffrey. is that you? Oh God.
Yeah, it's me.
No.  Hi baby.
Oh no.
You look beautiful to me.
I'm getting a little bit fat. I hate that.
What?
Okay. soon? Do you think I'm too fat?
I'll call you.
I think I better go.
I want you to stay with me.
I guess I should go.
No. not really.  but also because I really want you to be alright.
Why are you here?  Hmmmmmmmm!!!! Ok.
Yes.
I did. are you?
You called me Jeffrey.
If I die, then they'll be free. It's getting late, isn't it? I can tell. it's a cold feeling when it's late. It's warm then it gets cold. Jeffrey. I feel it getting cold.
Dorothy. no!
There's so much I want to tell you. I'm in so much darkness though with things moving. there is darkness sucking me. It's kissing me and darkness is entering me. in every hole. It's opening me to a death.
I'm glad you do.
Men are crazy. then they put their craziness into me. then it makes me crazy. then they aren't so crazy for awhile. then they put their craziness in me again.  . it's burning me. but I love you. I do, I do. Did you know that? Did you know that I love you?
There's no disease, I can tell you.
You put your disease in me. your semen. it's hot and full of disease.
You. what?
Shhhhhh. Now I have your disease.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
No. it's not Don.
I love you Don with all my heart.
Just get outta my bed.
Wait a minute. Wait. Whatiya want? For cryin' out loud!
And sometimes you think you don't?! Well, get away then!
Sometimes I think I do.
I asked first.
Do you love me?
Do you love me?
Kiss me.
Look, snap out of it, will ya?
What if Frank came over here and found us?
Come on Dorothy.
Beeeee careful.
Shut up.
Does that scare you?
Okay. I know you've been scared. now you want to scare someone.
Frank would open you.
That wouldn't be too good, would it?
What if I told Frank that you opened me?
Yes.
You like to open me. don't you?
No. I told you. I don't want to hurt you. I want to help you. I think I know some of what is happening to you.  . Dorothy? Frank has your husband and son. Dorothy? Doesn't he? You have to do something Dorothy. go to the police.
I want you to hurt me.
What do you want?
Do you want to do bad things?  Anything. anything.
Whatiya mean?
Are you a bad boy?
I'm doing it.
What do you want to do?
Sure I do.
Do you like my body?
That's good.
I'm not crazy.  I know the difference between right and wrong.
I sure don't hate you.
No. how could he?. Don't go. You think I'm crazy, don't you? I want you to stay.  . don't hate me.
Frank is coming?
Yes. Frank-
I'm sorry .maybe I better go Dorothy.
It used to make me laugh .but.
Hello.
Come in.
Please. please stay.
No. I should go.
. or do you just want me? I'm going to let you enter me now.
Yes.
Who are you? Maybe I'll need to. you like me, huh?
I came back to help you. You said do I let girls sneak into my house. You know where I live. if you need to. come to where I live. O.K.?
Why are you so interested? Why do you keep asking me?
No. But you're in very big trouble.
Don?. Are you in with them?
Who is Don?
No. Please, Dorothy. Why are you in so much trouble?
Falling.
No.
Look.
Take it easy. What's goin' on anyway?. Why are you in so much trouble?
I can't. I can't. You think you know so much.
There you go again. stop saying that. You can make it.
Oh God. Don!!! Why can't I just die.
Who's it, you mean.
Nice guy.  Who's he?
I'm alright. go hide. This won't take long. Be quiet.
Frank? .can you stand up?
Oh shit.
. same here.
I liked being with you last night.
That's not crazy. I like you too.
I looked for you in my closet tonight.  It's crazy, I don't know where you came from but. I like you.
. I. uh.
Yeah. hurry up though.
Hi. can I come in?
O.K.
It's a secret so don't tell anyone. Some day I'll show you where. I've gotta go to sleep now.
Don't say that.
Did I say that?. I didn't mean it. or did I?  Sometimes I think it would be fun.  Go ahead, you better leave now. I can't open myself to you now. I'll tell you a little secret.  I want to die.
Then don't talk about killing.
Go then. I can't let you put it in me now but I want you. I like you.
Please don't talk like that. You're upset. I'm not helping you. I'm sorry for what I did. I better go.
Maybe you don't know. I know you though. You're Jeffrey Beaumont and I know where you live and I know ways to get you and I know ways to kill you.
No. What is happening?
You don't?
No.
Do you know?
Next Christmas. Is he Santa Claus who has left a present for Dorothy? What was it? An ear? Another ear?!!  What was it?
What?
I made it go down the toilet.
You can be my special friend and come and put that in me.
Yes, I like you.
Do you like me?
No. please. I won't.
You can hit me, if you want to.
You can kiss them if you want. Fell them . They're getting hard.
Yes.
See my nipples?
Yes.
See my breasts?  . See?
Yes.
Do you like the way I feel?
It's okay. It's okay.
Thank you. honey.
Don. Hold me. I'm scared. Hold me. Please.
No.
Don?
I'll go then.
Sure I'm alright. 
Nothing. Are you alright?
Don't.  I don't like that. What do you want?
Lie down on the bed.
No.
Do you like talk like that?
Yes.
Do you like that?
What do you want?
I . I don't know.
What do you want from me?
No way.
Look. I'm sorry. Just let me leave.
NO, you come on. Take off your pants. I want to see you.
No. Come on.
How'd you like it if someone sneaked into your house and watched you.  Get undressed. I want to see you.
Never before this.
How many times have you sneaked into girls' apartments and watched them undress?
Then you got undressed.
THEN WHAT?
Well.
That's right. That's what I said. You have a good memory. Then what?
You said hello. to Frank. You wanted to talk to someone?. Don?. and little Donny. You said something about Momma loves you. and something about a Meadow Lane. something in an hour. I don't remember any more.
The phone. What did you hear on the phone . Tell me. Word for word.
. I saw you come in, talk on the phone. get undressed.
Tell me what you saw tonight. TELL ME.
I sprayed your apartment. I took your key. I really didn't mean to do anything but see you.
An experiment? Hey, I've seen you before.
I was. an experiment. Just to see if I could do it.
Shit. You better tell me something.
Nobody.
What? Are you kidding me? Who sent you here?
I wanted to see you.
You tell me!! Let me see that wallet.  Jeffrey Beaumont. What're you doing in my apartment, Jeffrey Beaumont?
Jeffrey nothing.
Jeffrey. Jeffrey what?
Jeffrey.
GET OUT OF THERE!! GET OUT!! Put your hands up, on your head. GO ON!! Get down on your knees - DO IT!! What are you doing? Who are you? What's your name?. WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
Yeah.
That oughta do it.
Oh yeah, that's good.
Nope. it's new stuff. no smell.
Oh God, that stuff stinks.
Pest control. gotta do your apartment.
Yes? What is it?
Yeah. I sure know that. Yeah, but how many more are out there?
We're going to leave that up to Detective Williams. I'll tell you though. you're okay. you shot a real son of a bitch.
Yeah. I guess I did.  What's going to happen to me?
You seemed to see some very interesting things on your little escapade with Dorothy Vallens.
He became obsessed with her. She hated him. He had to have her. He kidnapped them to control her. to make her do things. Then she wanted to commit suicide so he started cutting off ears as a warning to her to stay alive. I'm not kidding. Frank loved blue. blue velvet. He had to have Dorothy cause her whole life was blue.
We're looking for him. In your opinion, why did Frank kidnap Dorothy's son and husband?
I'll send you straight to hell, Fuck!
Yes.
Don't be a good neighbor to her or I'm gonna send you a love letter. straight from my heart, fucker. You know what a love letter is? It's a bullet. straight from my gun, fucker. Once you get a love letter from me, you're fucked forever. Understand, Fuck?
Don't look at me, Fuck. I shoot when I see the whites of the eyes.  You like me?.
Nothing.
What are you lookin' at?
Let's take our neighbor out. Let him fuckin' walk back. 
What?
Hey? . You like to walk.
Do you see, Ben?. I can make him do anything I fuckin' please.
Here's to Ben.
Hey neighbor. Here's to Ben.
FUCK THAT SHIT. PABST BLUE RIBBON!!!
Heineken.
A ride?. Hell, that's a good idea. okay, let's go. Hey, let's go.
On a ride.
Go where?
I don't want to go.
No thanks. what does that mean?
No thanks.
Good, let's drink up.
There ya go.
No, I want ya to fuck it. Shit, yes. pour the fuckin' beer.
Right here Frank. You want me to pour it?
Raymond! Where's the fuckin' beer?
What kinda beer do you like?
Okay Frank.
Come on. I wancha to meet a frienda mine. Raymond, get enough beer for Ben too.
Yeah. I just saw him outside. Maybe the robins are here.
Look Jeffrey.
Yes I'm going. I have to. I love you. I will, believe me.
No Jeffrey!!
Please get to your father and send him and the police to Dorothy's apartment right away. Be sure your father comes. Something is happening over there. They're hurting someone. the guy she loves. Tell them to hurry. I'm going over right now.
Go ahead!
... Sandy?.
Go ahead.
I should go with her, Sandy.
Right. Watch out for Mike, there.
OK. Let's get her over to your father's.
Probably not. no. Why?
No. Is Detective Gordon going to be at your house?
Take her to my house. My dad can get an ambulance faster than anyone. Do you have anything to put around her?
Yes.
Dorothy Vallens?
Dorothy! ... Dorothy!
Sandy. this guy is a killer!! I promise you.
No.
My father has a gun at home.
Frank!!
Oh my God. What's wrong?
Okay.
You want to dance?
Just a minute.
Let's wait for some slow one.
NO.
Really. you want to dance with someone else?
Really?
I can't dance fast.
You want to dance?
I like that idea. that's a real good idea.
Thank you. Whatiya say we just enjoy the evening?
... You look beautiful.
It's okay.
I'd rather not talk about it. I'll tell you about it sometime.
Just go over to Gelford and up to Vista. It's not far. Can you tell me any more about what you learned?
Where to?
It's good to see you.
Nothing. really! It's good to see you.
What was that all about?
Just some fatherly advice.
What is it?
Okay.
Okay. great!
I should never had gotten you going on this.  Yes Jeffrey. Friday's on!
No.
You didn't tell him about me?
Yeah. I think so. I just had to tell him some of what I knew. Is Friday still on?
Everything okay?
Jeffrey. are they important things? Well forget me - you have to tell him. Jeffrey. I mean it.
Great. Hey. I've got a bit of a problem. I know some things. that could help your father but you might get into trouble.
Yes. is that so surprising?. Yeah I worry. a lot. I got you into this.
You worry about me really?
Yeah. you're a mystery. I like you. very much.
You like mysteries that much?
I'm seeing something that was always hidden. I'm involved in a mystery. I'm learning. and it's all secret.
Jeffrey?. Why?
Yeah.
I can't believe what you are finding out. Are you going to continue with this. Are you going back to her apartment?
Then these guys told me the police will find a huge amount of drugs inside the dead man's place.
Jeffrey!!
Number two. I saw the Yellow Man come out. This time with a well-dressed man with an alligator briefcase. They drove down this factory building and stood on a staircase looking at something in the distance. Number three. now get this. In the distance was a murder. a drug dealer shot to death and a woman with her legs broken.
Oh yeah?
Maybe. But I think the Yellow Man is on drugs. I think Frank supplies him.
Nothing really, but it's interesting. they know each other. they seem to like each other.
Number one. I saw the Yellow Man go into Frank's building, laughing with Frank. Now. the only trouble is. what does this prove?
Shoot.
That's what makes it so good. You wanta hear what I saw today?
You know, that cheese is practically all chemicals.
Yeah, but. I don't think it's going to do much good. Let's go. I'll try to talk to him later.
You want to go talk to him?
What am I going to do?
I'm really sorry.
You were late.
See ya tomorrow.
Goodnight.
Okay. okay.
You better not, Jeffrey.
Can I give you a kiss good night?
Okay, Sandy.
Okay. be careful.
I will.  I'll pick you up on the same corner at three thirty-five, okay?
No, silly - I'm still in school you know. but I'll meet you after school and you can tell me what you've learned. You better be careful, Jeffrey.
I guess so. you want to help me watch Frank?. I'm going to stake out Frank's place tomorrow. with a camera.
So are you.  I mean you're a neat guy. We better get back.
Yeah I guess so.  You're a neat girl.
I don't know. I had a dream. in fact. the night I met you.  . in the dream the world was dark because there weren't any robins. you know, birds. robins stood for love. and all of a sudden thousands of robins flew down and brought this blinding light of love. and it felt like that love would be the only thing that would make any difference. I guess. until the robins come there is trouble.
Why are there people like Frank. Why is there so much trouble in this world.?
You're sure right. It is a strange world.
That's what I thought.
Who, me? Why should it?
That doesn't bother you, does it?
Yeah?
Yeah. I mean. a little, . you know.
Did you see her undressed?
Yes.
Twice. without her sensing anything?
. Actually. I've been in twice.
You saw a lot in one night.
I don't see how I can. and I can't prove any of this. I got all this information illegally. also it could get you in trouble.
Wow. Should you tell my father?
. OK. It's a strange world, Sandy. this is what I have found out. What I think I have found out. Dorothy Vallens is married to a man named Don. they have a son. I think the son and the husband have been kidnapped by a man named Frank who has now cut off both of Don's ears. I think he is holding them to make her do things for him. I think she wants to die. the ears were for her a warning to stay alive. there is another man involved. I call him the "yellow man". you saw his back the other day in the hall at her door. I don't know what he does but I think he's on drugs supplied by Frank. Frank is a very dangerous man.
You want to tell me about it?
No way. I'm about to blow up.
You want a Dairy Queen?
It's okay. Don't worry about it.
I'm sorry, I didn't.
He got a little jealous.
What's with Mike?
Well.  Maybe we should discuss this somewhere else. you know what I mean?
What did you see?
Well. I've found out some things. nothing really for certain. There are some strange people involved.
Well, how did it go?. What happened?
Okay, okay. Bye.
That's for me to know and for you to find out. I'll see you. I mean call you. okay?
I don't know if you're a detective or a pervert.
Okay. thanks.
I'll honk four times so you'll hear it and know she's on her way up. Okay?
Are you sure?
I'm going to wait here until she comes.
Yeah.
Call tomorrow. It's okay. Good luck. I hope you can sneak out okay. You're going to wait until she's asleep?
Look. it can wait till Sunday.
Okay. yeah, call.
Oh, okay. can I call?
I. I don't want to see you tomorrow. Mike's coming over.
I'm going in, Sandy. I'll see you tomorrow and tell you how it went.
. I wish you wouldn't do this.  It doesn't make any sense. Let's go somewhere and have some coffee.
Could you wait a little while. this key may not fit.
O.K.
Leave it in the front of your house for me. okay?
Yeah. but.
It'll be okay. I don't think you should wait out here though. I think you should go home. Can you drive this car?
It's crazy and dangerous. My God. I shouldn't have told you.
Why not?
Jeffrey, I don't think you ought to do it.
I'll drink to that.
Here's to. an interesting experience.
Two.
That sounds good.
I'd like an ice-cold Heineken.
This is not my usual Friday night!
Then we'll drive back to her apartment and I will plant myself there.
Brilliant.
First of all, we're going to the Slow Club to see Dorothy Vallens. We'll watch her for awhile. I'd like to hear her sing anyway, and then also we'll know she is there and not in her apartment.
What's the plan.
Okay. You better get out before someone sees us.
Yeah, but don't pick me up. my father may think it's strange. I'll walk over to your house. I'll be there at eight o'clock.
Great. I'll pick you up around eight o'clock. Is that good?
I already know. The "Slow Club." It's on Route 7.
First of all, we'll have a nice dinner. Try to find out where Dorothy sings.
I'll tell Mike I'm sick. There's a game tonight anyway and he'll never miss me. Afterwards he can go out with the guys. Just so the record is kept straight though, I love Mike. What do want me to do?
I don't want you to get involved, really, I mean, I do, but if something went wrong I mean, like you said, they may be involved in murder.
You really want to do this, don't you?
Well, it's Friday night and you're a beautiful girl. I guess you would have a date. that does that.
Yes. I do.
You didn't goof it up, but. you still owe me one. I want to sneak in tonight. It's Friday. do you have a date tonight?
I owe you. since I goofed up this one.
Pretty clever. Are you game for more?
So. what's next?
Yeah.
Yeah, if it opens the door.
I didn't get a good look at him either, but he sure looked at me. I didn't have time to get a window, but I found this key.  Pretty nifty, huh?
No. I only saw his back. He went down another stairwell at the end of the hall.
Yes and no. Did you recognize him?
I was just about to go to the door, when that man did my job for me. Was it alright?
Yeah. let's get outta here. What happened?
Are you alright?
Alright. Good luck, yourself.
Thanks. Dorothy Vallens. Okay. good luck . three minutes, no sooner.
Oh bother. Dorothy Vallens, Seventh Floor.  Look on the mailbox for her number, bright boy.
Okay, I'm going ahead. Wait a minute, what's her name?
Let's go.
Alright.
Now. we'll walk over so there's no license plates and you give me at least three minutes. I can stall if it's more, but I need time to find a good window .alright?
You've got a point there.
Let's just try the first part. If that goes well, we'll see about the rest. No one will suspect us, because no one would believe two people like us would be crazy enough to do something like this.
I don't know. it sounds like a good daydream, . but actually doing it is too weird. too dangerous.
You will be a Jehovah's Witness. I have a few "Awake" magazines for you. You don't have to keep her very long. a few seconds is all I'll need. Whatiya think?
What will I say when she comes to the door?
Right out in the car I happen to have some old overalls and a bug spraying rig. I will go to her apartment and be the pest control man. I will spray her apartment. After a few minutes you will knock on her door, drawing her attention away from me and I will then jimmy a window.
Now, how are you going to do that?
Alright. the first thing is to get into her apartment and open a window that I could crawl into later.
It wouldn't hurt to hear the plan, I guess.
Settle down. I have a plan which I think will work. There is very little for you to do, but I do need your help. .Aren't you curious about my plan?
You said it was a strange world. and you're the strangest part of it. Are you crazy.she is possibly involved in murder. This gives me the creeps.
There are opportunities in life for gaining knowledge and experience. sometimes, in some cases. it's necessary to take a risk. I got to thinking. I'll bet a person could learn a lot by getting into that woman's apartment. you know. sneak in and hide and observe.
Alright, now tell me. What is it?
Ooooo, you are smart. Just don't get too smart.
I guess Mike's got some sort of sports practice in the afternoon.
I'm here, aren't I?
I don't want to cause any trouble.
Just a minute. pull over and wait a minute.
I'd like to talk to you about something.
I don't know.
You hungry or thirsty, or both?
Yeah. Good bye.
I guess so. Like you said. It's a strange world.
Thanks for the tour. It was nice talking to you.
I've gotta go in.
I don't know. he moved away.
What happened to him?
It's not bad. but it's bad enough. it's a lot worse for my father.  I used to know a kid who lived there and who had the biggest tongue in the world.
Still, it must be kinda rough.
I have to help out in my father's hardware store. they're giving me sort of my own hours for a while. which is nice.
Yeah, I guess so.  What are you going to do now that you're home?
You really do hear a lot, don't you?
My father is watching the businessman. The businessman had a partner who disappeared. left his whole business and family, his wife and two kids. They think he's been murdered.
Oh yeah. What about those other people? . Anything?
I don't know. like I said, she's not my father's case.
Did they find out anything when they questioned her?
I don't know. you're not supposed to see them. They're supposed to see you.
Where are they?
That's the building. She lives on the Seventh Floor. Don't stop to look long . the police are watching.
Not really, why?  You want to see the building?. Come on, I'll show you.
I guess you have to get back home soon?
Yeah. It's close by. that's what's creepy. They've had her under surveillance for a couple of months, except I don't know what they've found out because my father isn't in charge of her.
It's a strange world isn't it? Do you know what building the woman lives in?
Maybe so.
The ear is from a missing person maybe?
No. this has been going on for some time . several months. About six months ago some parts of bodies were found down by the river. They were from people who were reported missing. They never found one complete body. only parts.
Were all these people questioned this afternoon?
There were at least three, maybe four. But a name that keeps coming up is this woman who lives in an apartment building very close to your house and also close to the field where you found the ear. There's also a business man over by the Franklin factory district that was questioned. and a musician. and some others.
Do you know who was brought in for questioning?
I don't really know much but bits and pieces . I hear things. My room is right above my father's office. The ear. there's no corpse in the morgue missing an ear, and it did come off a living person. That's direct from the Coroner's Office. The person is unknown. There are a couple of cases I get mixed up on, but I think there are some people who were brought in for questioning on a murder case that could have something to do with the ear. I heard some of the same names.
Come on. you brought it up. Do you know anything?
Didn't my father tell you not to talk about it? 
What do you know about the ear?. anything?
That's too bad.
I'm home from school. My father's in the hospital.
Yeah. What are you doing now?
What else is new?. right?
Terrible. boring.
How is Central these days?
Yes.
No. You're not bothering me. You a senior?
Am I bothering you?
Yeah I did. treasurer. Shouldn't you be studying or something.
You were pretty popular. Didn't you run for some office?
Oh yeah?
I just know, that's all. I remember you from Central.
Yeah, how did you know?
Good deal Dad.
Hey Jeff. I'm feelin' so much better.
How ya doin' Dad?
It's good to see you, Dad.
Good to see you, son.
uh uh.
Are you feeling okay?
uh uh.
Looks like they've got you strapped in pretty good.
Hey Jeff.
Hi Dad.
You can't just stay out half the night and carry on, Jeffrey. There's got to be some order, Jeffrey. I thought it would have been nice to call your father when you got home but now it is much too late.
Nothing. I'm fine.
Is something wrong? What's happened to your face?
God. you scared me.
Of course, Jeffrey.
Can I use the car tonight?
Alright.
No, I'm just gonna walk around.
Do you want the car?
I'm going out for awhile.
.Jeffrey!. Nobody wanted you to leave school and go to work in the store. maybe going back to school will be an option one day. I hope so.
Thanks a lot, Mom.
It would be too much for him. So please let him think as he does, that you're home just to see him.
What?
He doesn't know you're out of school. He thinks it's a vacation for you.
Yeah?
Jeffrey, when you see your father.
Well. Okay.
I've made arrangements with Dr. Gynde for 10:30. But Jeffrey, you'll have to walk over; I need the car this morning.
What time are visiting hours?
Be right down.
Jeffrey, breakfast is ready.
This is it.
Where's all your things, Jeffrey?
Jeffrey. honey. Your father's condition is serious. It's going to cost so much. We just won't have the money to keep you in school. I'm telling you this now, so that you can get your things together and check out of school, honey, or whatever you have to do. it'll save you another trip back. You're going to have to work at the store.
For good?. I can't. Mom. Not right in the middle of the term.
I mean, for good, Jeffrey.
Later Mike. I gotta take care of someone who's hurt here, in case you haven't noticed.
Hey, you ivy league shit. COME HERE!
Well, most guys don't. I mean that's the point. You all mind if I take my vitamins?
Yeah, well I never wanted to get slaughtered much.
I mean. some guys play anyway but they usually get slaughtered.
No. you're right.
I mean, you don't exactly have the build for a football. I mean. no offense.
Well.
Looks like you'd make a good runner.
No.
I'll get a coat for her.
Sandy? ...Sandy, please.
Nice of you to offer, Jeffrey, but certainly not. just relax and enjoy your coffee. I'm sure Sandy will be back soon.
Sure thing. please don't worry about me. Can I help you with the dishes?
Please excuse me a moment, Jeffrey, and I'll get to the dishes.
Anyone else?. Alright Jeffrey, just a minute.
That sounds great!
Here you are. Would anyone like coffee?
Say "goodnight" to Sandy.
Oh, you're welcome. Nice to finally meet you, Jeffrey.
Mrs. Williams? Thanks for the cake.
Yeah.
He comes over to study.
Yeah. okay.
It's a real good chocolate cake. Duncan Hines' devil's food. real good.
No. No thank you.
Would you like a piece of cake?
Yeah, I know.
I was sorry to hear about your father. I know your mother from church. It's such a shame.
Alright.
Really, he'll be home soon, would you like a cup of coffee?
I just wanted to ask him a few questions, that's all. Maybe I better go.
Oh, yes, Jeffrey. Come in. He'll be back any minute now. You're welcome to wait. Is it urgent?
Hello. uh. my name is Jeffrey Beaumont. Is Detective Williams in?
... Stop it Mike.
Hey come here, you stole my girl, you bastard. I'm gonna kick your ass, right in front of your stupid house.
Okay.
Come on out a minute, okay?
Sure. just a sec.  Excuse me.
Sandy?. Could I talk to you a minute?
Mike. We don't have to watch it. Come on.
I don't know why we have to watch T.V.
You can change it if you want to.
What are watchin' this junk for?
Yeah, nice meetin' yuh.
Mike's gotta go.  Nice to meet you.
What plane?  We going someplace?  Where we headed?  You have your money.  It's all there.  What the fuck is going on?
On the plane.
Where do you guys want to count?
Greetings, Mr. George.
Um-hmm.
I've been holding this shit for him for three weeks.  You tell Diego I don't appreciate it.  You tell him I want my money by Friday.  Can you do that?
Oh, I see.  George.  Well, that explains everything.  Open your mouth, George.
I don't know.  He sent me.  I'm George.
QUIET!  Callate!  Where's Diego?
This is a one time thing, Gusto.  One and I'm out.  Give me a good price for old time's sake.  What do you think?
Ha ha.  That's too much, Georgie.  Those days are over.  The rate is one-thousand dollars.  Inflation, you know?
Five-thousand per kilo.
Alright.  I'll ask Pablo, tell him it's for you.  I don't think there will be a problem.
No.  I have the space.  I figured it out.  This is what I want to do.
Three-hundred kilos is a very big load, Georgie.  Why don't we start small?
A toast!  To Mister George Jung.  Mr. I 95, north and south.  My brother-in-law. Happy birthday!
No honey, I'm alright.
That's impossible.  We can't be up and running.  Who's distributing?
Yes.  Jack Stevens is already a very busy man.  Along with many others.  You shouldn't stay away so long.
He what?
The word is that soon he is to be king of the middle empire.  He is doing multiple runs right now and using the island as a jump-off point.
Motherfucker works fast.
Let us walk.  From what I understand, Diego has bought a hundred and sixty acres, a marina, a hotel, and an airstrip.
What?
Norman Cay is not a person.  He is an island, George.  In the Bahamas.  From what they say, it is free and it's Diego's new home.
My pleasure, Augusto.  Diego has told me much about you.
Pleased to meet you finally, George.  I am Augusto Oliveras.
Dejen la maricada pues!  No jodan! Nadie va a matar a nadie!  George, debemos hablarle al Patron, es la unica manera, mano.
Mama, vos sos bien antigua.  Como lo va a matar con un picahielo.  Eso era en su tiempo, estamos casi ya en los ochenta. El lo va a meter un tiro, lo va a volar, le va a hechar un hijueputa carro encima.
Blanca, por favor.
Que queres decir.  Que es lo que el va hacer?  Pues, no va hacer nada.
Que va hacer?
I don't know.  Drunk somewhere.  Try the bar.  And if you find her, tell her to come, it's almost midnight.
Thanks.  I am.  Where's Martha?
I'm so glad you two could make it. Mirtha, look at you.  So beautiful.  You look like you're about to burst.
Which brings me to rule number three: which says, fuck rules one and two, skip bail and take off.
George, I went to the doctor.  I don't have two years.
What?  You're not going to wait for me?
Two years.  George, I can't wait that long.
Lawyer says he can plead it down to five years.  I'll serve two.
What, and miss all the fun?  C'mon, not a chance.  So, what's the verdict?
Baby, you didn't have to come.
Surprise.
Relax, baby.  We're going to wind up like us.
Promise me that we'll never be like them.  I don't want to wind up like that.
Oh, they weren't that bad.  I mean, they were kind of cute.
Oh my G-d, how embarrassing were they? I wanted to shoot myself.
Nice first impression.  A nose bleed in front of your parents.
No, not at all.  Sure.  You're right. You fly home and get some rest.
Would you be bummed out if I didn't go to Chicago with you?
I'm taking you to the doctor when we get home, and I don't want to hear any arguments.
I feel like shit.  Me and my frigging nosebleeds.
Are you sure you're okay?  You're pale.
Okay, guys, we're gonna leave.  Let's get the check.
Yeah, I don't feel so well.
You wanna split?
Oh my G-d, I'm so sorry.
Honey, your nose!
We'll take it.
Are you kidding?
Should we buy it?
I'm telling you, Derek, it will sell.
We're gonna call it California sinsemilla.  Sounds exotic.
Yeah.  I am.
You happy, baby?
Just everything.  You.  California.  The beach.  This spot right here.  I feel like I belong here, you know?  It just feels right.
What is?
This is it for me.
Derek!
Nothing like this back home.
You'll see for yourself.
Are you sure this guy is cool?
Yeah.  I am.
You happy, baby?
Just everything.  You.  California.  The beach.  This spot right here.  I feel like I belong here, you know?  It just feels right.
What is?
This is it for me.
Derek!
Nothing like this back home.
You'll see for yourself.
Are you sure this guy is cool?
Look, if you really wanna score some dope, I got the guy.
Man.  Fuck you guys.  I have this great idea and you guys have to be all skeptical.
You can't sell this to your friends.
It's garbage.
I know it's not the greatest.  It's commercial.
Tuna, this is crap.
Look, if you really wanna score some dope, I got the guy.
Man.  Fuck you guys.  I have this great idea and you guys have to be all skeptical.
You can't sell this to your friends.
It's garbage.
I know it's not the greatest.  It's commercial.
Tuna, this is crap.
So you do have an agreement with the United States Government, Mr. Jung, correct?
I'm doing sixty years at Otisville, no chance of parole.  Even if they cut my sentence in half I'll be seventy-three years old.  That's some fucking deal.  I don't know if the parole board, the judge, the pope or Jesus Christ himself can get me out of here.  I have a really bad record, I'm not sure what's going to happen.
Mr. Jung, don't you have an agreement or understanding with the United States Government in connection with your testimony in this case?
Excuse me?
Really.  Are you getting paid, Mr. Jung?
Something about vengance being best served cold.
Excuse me?
No, I cam here out of my own volition.
Do you have any agreement or understanding whatsoever with the United States government in regards to your testimony?
Yes, I am.
Mr. Jung, you're a convicted felon, correct?
Diego needs to see you right away, please.  Excuse us, Amorcito.
Mirtha.
Padrino will pay ten-thousand per kilo. For everyone.  For you, and you, and you.
I see.  How much?
You.  Your responsibility is over.  You do not fly.  You are not a pilot.  You are not a distributor.  You introduced us to Mr. Stevens and the use of his airplane.  That is all.  You make a percentage.  A generous one.  And you're lucky to get that.
Excuse me?
Why are you speaking?
You're a fucking amateur!
The coca is my responsibility!
It's a lousy fifteen kilos.  I piss fifteen kilos.
I demand to know everything.  I do not trust six-hundred thousand dollars of coca to someone I don't know.
What are we doing here, Diego?  This guy's a clown.  He's talking about clothes.
I would like to know the contents. Every detail is important.
My clothes, your clothes.  What does it matter?
Whose cloths?  Your clothes?
What?  Yeah, sure.
Hmm.  I see.  Will there be clothes in the suitcase?
Tell me about the suitcases.  What is the make and the color?
What details?  I put the coke in the false bottoms and take it through customs.
Not so fast.  I would like to go over the details.
I know.  She needs to slow down.  She's going to blow an O-ring.
Christ almighty, George.  Feed her a cheeseburger or something.  What does she weight, eighty pounds?
That was out of line.
For calling you a homo.
You?
It's in the past.  I'm out of the business now, so forget about it.  No hard feelings.  We need to move on.  And besides, I'm sorry, too.
I lost sight of everything.  Forgot who my friends were.
I heard.
Look, I'm sorry about everything.  I feel like an idiot.  You were right.  I did fuck you.  And then Diego fucked me. Cut me out, too.
Yeah.  She told me.
Happy Birthday, George.  Mirtha invited me.
Yeah.  I understand.  Just business. Right.  Fuck you.
It's nothing personal, George.  Just business.
Not bad for a weekend's work, huh?
Nice doing business with you, George.
Half a million for you.  Half a million for me.  One-point-three five for the Colombians.
Sell it?
It's great and everything, but what am I going to do with all this?
What did I tell you?
Don't be ridiculous, these are my babies.
Are you sure you want to do this in front of everyone?
You guys are such babies.  You want to go home, go.  Me, I'm not going to stop until I find the fucking motherlode.
I don't think so.
Barbara and me.  No one else.
And I only deal with you?
Goodness is right.  If you do the math, that's over thirty grand a week profit. I want you to be my partner on this, Derek.  Fifty-fifty.  That's fifteen thousand a week for you, my friend.  In your pocket, free and clear.
Goodness.
It's already been negotiated.  It's done.  The money is there waiting.
Come on, George, no one is going to pay that.
Here's the best part.  We can charge five-hundred a pound.
I don't know...
Yeah, I know, it's a lot of weight.
You're kidding, right?  That's a hundred pounds a week.
The way we figure it, Barbara flies to Boston twice a week.  Two bags per flight.  Twenty-five pounds in each bag.
It's your grass.
What the fuck is that?
I guess not.  Okay.  You know, you're very lucky you're friends of Barbie's. If you weren't, I'd never talk to you.
We're not cops.  We're from Massachusettes.  I mean, does he look like a cop?
Because if you are, you have to tell me. If not, it's entrapment.
No.
I know what you want.  But, first of all, are you cops?
We want some grass.
What can I do for you guys?
It's your grass.
What the fuck is that?
I guess not.  Okay.  You know, you're very lucky you're friends of Barbie's. If you weren't, I'd never talk to you.
We're not cops.  We're from Massachusettes.  I mean, does he look like a cop?
Because if you are, you have to tell me. If not, it's entrapment.
No.
I know what you want.  But, first of all, are you cops?
We want some grass.
What can I do for you guys?
Get me a six pack.
What's that?
Oh hey, one more thing?
George?  You better get yourself a good lawyer this time.  We're gonna nail your ass to the wall on this one.
Fuck you, then.  I sign nothing.
No fucking way.
I want my kid out of protective custody. Now.  No fucking around.  My wife and my kid on a plane tonight.  I sign when they call me safe and sound.
George, don't be so emotional.  This is business.  Besides, I can't kill you, you are my brother.
You'd better kill me now, Diego, because you're a dead man.
I talked to Foreal, Diego.
No, I never.  I would not do that, George.  Never.
You went behind my back and you cut me out.
I did not.
You fucked me, Diego.
Of course we are brothers.  Why do you say that?   You hurt me, George.
No more brothers, Diego.
George, I am happy to see you.  How are you, my brother?
Derek Foreal.  Derek Foreal.  Derek fucking Foreal.  Alright?  The answer to all your dreams.  Are you happy now?
What?
Derek Foreal.
Es un Ford blanco junto a una pick-up.
Estoy bien, okay?  Everything is alright.  There's no problem.  Okay? This never happened.  No one has to know anything about this.  Diego, I want you to calmly tell them where the fucking coke is.  Do it now.
Que es lo que quieren de me, hijueputas campesinos?
Take it easy!  Everything's okay!
This is not the time, Diego.
Everything is not alright.  I bring you in, and you slap my fucking face!
Nothing.  Todo esta bien.
I'm driving you crazy?  No.  You're driving me crazy.  We had a dream.  What happened to our dream?
Jesus fucking Christ, Diego.  I ain't telling you.  It's just business.  Now, shut up.  You're driving me crazy.
What do I do with it?  Nothing.  It's for peace of mind.  It's for the principle.
What do you need my connection for, Diego?  What are you going to do with it?
I'm very angry with you, George.  Very angry.  You don't take me to California, but you take your bitch wife?  A woman? I understand you love her, but it was you and me who started this.  You and me.
Shut up, Diego.  They're going to be here any minute.  I'm trying to concentrate.
Three years.  How long have we been in business?  Three years.  Does she get to meet your connection?  Was she good enough?
I love you too, man.
I love you, my brother, do you know that?
You're a lucky man, Diego.
I'm married, George.  Me.  I can't believe it.  Can you believe I'm married, George?
Then relax.  It's a federal bank. Guaranteed by the government.  And Senor Noriega has very lenient banking principles.  No questions.  No problems. All the pesados keep their money here. Even El Padrino.  What do you worry? Everyone knows we are with Escobar.  Who is going to fuck with us?
And keep only forty-percent?  No thanks.
George, we've got sixty-one million dollars.  It's either here or someplace else.  We've got to put it somewhere. Unless you want to launder it.
Are you comfortable with this?
Try the closet.
There's no room.
Try the back bedroom.
Where do I put this!?
I don't give a shit.  Close enough.
Weight it.  If it's sixty pounds, it's three.  If it's fifty, it's two-point five.
Fuck it.  I'm not counting it again.
We're half a million off.
I'm calling it three.
It's two-point-five, George.  I am sure.
Three million.  I counted it twice.
Yeah.  You do the talking.
Who?  I need to know.  Ah, never mind. We'll talk about it later.
Just a friend.
Right.  Now who is the person in California?  The connection?
Yeah.  Keep my mouth shut and let you do the talking.
Pablo used his influence.  Now, George, watch what you say.  Everybody hears everything.  A lot of things get said and done that, well, let's just say this isn't America.  Life is cheap here, you know?  No offense, but you know what I'm saying?
What the fuck is going on?  When did you get out of jail?
George, good to see you, my brother.
But to the victor belong the spoils.
Touche.
I think it's fair to say you underestimated the market there, Derek.
Thirty-six hours.  I can't believe it. Everything is gone in thirty-six hours.
Just sell it, Derek.
Jesus Christ, George, I don't see you in two years, and you show up at my door with a hundred and ten pounds of cocaine?
Well, you better get here fast.  I'm sitting on...
Bad news, George.  I'm in Colombia.
Jesus Christ, Diego, where are you? It's been eleven days and these guys want their fucking money.
George.
I need you to go to Miami.
What is it, George?  Because I have to get home.  I've got a parole officer waiting for me.
This is only part of the business, George.  A very small part.  Don't worry, there is so much more to do. Which reminds me, I need a favor from you.  I must go to Colombia.
That's my George, always thinking.
And what happens when these guys stop paying?  Sooner or later, these guys are going to cut us out.  Then where are we?
I know.
It is bad.  It's chump change.  We might as well be hauling suitcases across the border.  We're getting screwed.
A million dollars for our first run is not bad, George.
What's the matter?  We're moving three hundred fucking kilos and we're making dogshit.
What's the matter, George?
We make the pick-up, refuel once more in the Bahamas, and fly back on Sunday with the mom and pop traffic.
Please, continue.
Okay.
Fifteen kilos.  Seven and a half in each suitcase.  You receive a hundred thousand dollars upon delivery.
Yes.  Look around you.  The sun.  The water.  The women.  It's better than Danbury, no?  Come on.  I have some friends I would like you to meet.
Good to see you, Diego.
George, are we gonna do this or not?
I just got released five minutes ago.
But you must.  It's the only way.
I can't go anywhere, Diego.  I'm on parole.  I can't leave the state.
You need to come down here, everybody meets everybody.  Ho ho ho.  Ha ha ha. We do one for good faith and then we talk about airplanes.
Slow down, George.  Slow down.
Do we need a plane?  How does this work? When do I see you?
Perfect, George.  Perfect.  Everything is fine down here.  Everything is all set up.
How are we doing?
Congratulations, brother.  I've been waiting for you.
Yeah, I'm out.
George, hallo!  Today is the day, ah? Are you out?
Diego?  It's George.
Allo?
Diego Delgado, please?
Great.  I love the Bahamas.
We'll refuel in the Bahamas.  I know someone there.
Fifteen hundred.  We'll have to stop somewhere to refuel.
I don't know.  A hundred, hundred and fifty.  How many miles is it from Colombia to Miami?
How many kilos can we fit in these planes?
Four passenger, single engine Cessna.
What type of planes do you have?
Don't worry.  We will talk of everything.  We have the time.  You arrive here with a Bachelor of Marijuana, but you will leave with a Doctorate of Cocaine.
Getting it here is no problem.  Trust me.  I'll fly it in myself if I have to. What about supply?  How much can we get?
Now do you see what I am saying?
Jesus Christ.  Jesus fucking Christ.
Yes.  And a kilo of coca is smaller than a kilo of your precious marijuana. Everything is the same, George, except instead of thousands, you are making millions.
Oh my G-d.
And that's wholesale.  Cut it a few times and retail, you're looking at two, three-hundred thousand.
That's over fifty-thousand dollars profit per kilo.
No, no.  That is where you are wrong. For us, it is cheap.  In Medellin, we buy for six-thousand dollars a kilo.  IN Miami, we sell for sixty.
I don't know, Diego.  I've got a good thing going already.  Everybody smokes pot.  It's easy.  Cocaine is a rich man's drug.  It's too expensive.
George?  What do you know about cocaine?
You failed because you had the wrong dream.
Because they caught me?
No, my brother.
Because I got caught.
Yes, you have a dream.  And maybe you accomplish your dream.  But yet you failed.  Why?
I would if I could get some sleep.
In my country, I am a magico.  A man with a dream.  A man on the rise.  To take nothing and make it something, okay?  I have failed my dream, but I will accomplish.  That is why I am in your country.  Yes, I lose my freedom. But they do not take my dream.  Do you have a dream, George?
Good night.
You like to make the boundaries disappear.  It's not only the money, is it, George?  The adventure is part of the victory.  It's the thrill, ah?
I'm tired, Diego.  Go to bed.
I never believed you were a murderer.  I knew.  I knew you are a magico.  I have seen it in you.  It's in your spirit.
What's the other one?
Only two ways I know to leave here early.  One is to escape.
I've got to get out of here, Diego.
Twenty-six months?  For murder?  I must be your lawyer.
Twenty-six months.
You have your intrigues.  I have mine. This is a happy day for me, George. Nine months from today, I will be in Medellin sipping champagne.  In nine months, I am free.  How much time do you have?
I thought you said we were roommates. That we should talk about everything.
Never mind.  Not for you to worry.
What kind of project?
Nothing.  Just a little project.
What do you got there, Diego?
Ah, yes.  The murder.
Murder.
Oh, come on, George.  If we are to be friends, we must trust each other.
Me, too.  Too much blah, blah, blah, blah is no good.  But we are roommates, okay?  And we must talk to each other. I am arrested for stealing cars.  For the grand theft auto.  Okay?  So, now it is your turn.  Now you will tell me, okay?  You will tell me why you are here?
I don't like a lot of conversation, Diego.
No?
Not really, no.
Intriguing.  I see.  Would you like to know my crime?
I don't want to talk about it.
Your offense?  Why are you here?
What?
If you don't mind me asking, what is the reason you are in this place?
Oh, Jesus, Get me a 12-lead e.k.g. and start an i.v. stat!  This man is having a heart attack.
Today.
In how long?  A week?
I don't know.  Maybe eighteen grams.
Cocaine?  How much?
Coke.
He's in tachycardia.  George, your heart is racing.  Have you been using drugs?
Mom.
Tell him I don't want to see him.  Tell him he's not welcome here.
Oh, I see.
Mirtha comes from a very wealthy family.
I've seen those in magazines.  They're not cheap.
It's a family heirloom.
Okay, Mom.  It's okay.  Where's Dad?
G-d, son.
You mean the drug money?  Yes, I got it.
Thank you.  Have you been getting the money I sent you?
Yes, Barbara.  She was very pretty.
Barbara.
Yeah.  We heard all about it.  I want you to know I'm deeply sorry about your girlfriend.
Mexico.
Take your boots off.  You're tan.
Surprised to see me?
The boy is happy, Fred.  Don't be such a killjoy.
Yeah, layaway.
Oh, shut up, Fred.  Shut your big fat mouth.  You don't buy it all at once. It's called layaway.
Well, you know.  It's um...
Look at this credenza.  If you don't mind me asking, how much is something like that?  It's got to cost a fortune.
Yeah.  Nice.
You, you big old tightwad.  He still has his communion money.  Tell him, George. Tell your father about layaway.
Who's the cheapskate?
That's right.  Layaway.  Something you wouldn't know anything about, you cheapskate.
Layaway shmayaway.
Yes.  Of course.  But, I'm talking about that ring.  It's something else.  Let me tell you.
I'm just happy that George has found someone he cares for.
I just can't get over the size of that ring.  I just love it.  Fred, look at it.  Tell me you don't love that ring.
Of course, George.  We are beautiful. We are brothers.  Real brothers.  Not like Diego.  We started this, George.
Yeah, well, what are you gonna do?  You and me, Pablo?  Are we good?
I'm sorry, George.
I get it.   I'm really pissed, Pablo. You know the DEA knows about Norman's Cay.  For Chrissakes, Diego worships Adolf Hitler and John Lennon, that's fucked up!
Life will take care of everybody. Diego, me, you.  It is the teacher.
You're saying life will take care of Diego?
It is very difficult.  Diego makes me a lot of money.  If Diego goes so does the money.  You were an excellent teacher, George.  When the student has learned well, the teacher is no longer necessary.  We must remember we have wives, friends, familia.  Even familia that has not been born.  But sometimes, we must forget as well.  I am like you. I must teach the lesson.  We want to teach the lesson.  But we cannot.  We must remember that life is the teacher.
You know why I'm here.  You know what I have to do.  I came here for permission. Out of respect, Pablo.  This is bullshit, he's making me look like a punk.
I see.  I'm sorry about this, George. I'm not happy about this situation. It's bad.  You now know who your Brutus is.
I didn't come here to drink scotch.
Please.  Sit down.  We'll drink some scotch.
Yeah.
Diego?
Yeah, well...
George, you look terrible.
Diego is my brother.
And Diego?
Money.
Keep them coming?  Ah, yes.  Ha ha.  You are right.  But money.
Keep them coming.
Beautiful girls?
Sure.
Family.
Yeah, maybe.
Power?
Freedom.
Yes.  Money.  Which is what, George?
I want money.
Yes.  I do not know, either.  What do you want, George?
What do I think?  I don't want my answer to be influenced by what I want, so I'm going to have to say I don't know.
People tell me that I am crazy.  That my business will never work in your country.  What do you think, George?
It's beautiful.
I like to come up here.  To make the decisions.  To be one with nature.
As much as I can give you?  Ha ha.  Very good.  I like that.  Come, George.  Let us drive.  We have much to talk about.
Yes, sir.  As much as you can give me.
So, you are wanting to sell the cocaine for me in your country, George?
Yes, it is.
I like you, George.  You are loyal. That is good.  That is rare.  Maybe crazy.  Yes.  I can tell already.  You are like me.  I look at you and I see myself.  It's in the eyes, no, George?
With all respect, Padrino.  Diego is my partner.  I do not do business without him.
But, never mind.  I am thinking we can do much together.  This problem with Diego, the stolen car, the jail, is very silly business.  To release him from the carcel, it causes me much inconvenience. The fifty kilos could have been a big problem.  And I don't like problems.
Yes.
Un rata - no good.  But he could have run, fled the country.  Gone to the policia.  But then his wife, his children, his parents, his friends, many people would die.
Un sapo?
The man in the garden.  He was full of courage.
Good.  Very good.  Welcome, my friend. Welcome to my country.
It would be my pleasure.
The man who gives us the airplanes.  The man from America.  The mafia.  Chicago. Boom boom.  Hollywood.  You are going to open for us the gates of Hollywood, George?
Actually, it was three.
So, this is the man who takes fifty kilos and makes them disappear in one day?
Did you know I died two weeks after you sent me that tape?
I meant every word of it.
That was a beautiful message.
I guess I kind of lost sight of things. "May the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face, and the winds of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars."  Love, George.
That was a good one, Dad.  That was really something.  Remember that?
...you sonofabitch.  Putting on George's boots.
That's where you belong...
And that FBI agent, Trout?  When he had to get on his knees to put my boots on? You said...
I'll tell her.
Tell Mom, you know...
Yeah, I know.  This is it, isn't it?
Give it to her, Dad.  It'll make her happy.
Money.  You and your mother.  All the time chasing it.  I never understood it.
Give this to Mom, will you?
Good.
No.
You're not going to trial?
Yeah.  Listen.  I'm going to be going away for awhile.
She's angry.  It's all over the news.
I heard.  Ermine, your son is here.
Hi.
Yeah, Dad.  I'm happy right now.
No, it's good.  You have a family.  It's good if it makes you happy.  It's nice to have nice things.  Are you happy, son?
Dad.
You're like your mother.  You love money.
Don't bullshit me, George.  I don't see you very much, I don't want to waste the time.
So, business is going good.  I've got this import/export thing going on in Miami that's been very profitable.  With my investments...
Let me tell you something, son.  You would have been great at anything.
I know.  I'm great at what I do, Dad.  I mean, I'm really great.
I just don't know what you're thinking. I don't understand your choices.  You know, the police are looking for you.
Yeah, you are.  I can tell by the way you look at me.
Not mad.
You mad at me?
Tough spot.
Yeah, Dad.  I really did.  What am I gonna do?
You loved her, didn't you?  You really loved her.
Just low.
...and the winds of destiny carry you aloft...
May the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face...
I'm going to California.
What are you going to do?
No, Dad.  I don't want to...I mean, I just don't want...
Alright.  You want me to get your old job back?  Because I could, you know, I could put in that word.
I know.
That's too bad.  You would have been the first one in the family.
There's something out there for me, Dad. Something different.  Something free form, you know?  Something for me, and college just isn't it.
I'm going to California.
What are you going to do?
No, Dad.  I don't want to...I mean, I just don't want...
Alright.  You want me to get your old job back?  Because I could, you know, I could put in that word.
I know.
That's too bad.  You would have been the first one in the family.
There's something out there for me, Dad. Something different.  Something free form, you know?  Something for me, and college just isn't it.
No thanks, fellas.  You've got the wrong fucking guy.  I'm not a rat.
Don't be stupid, George.  We've got him. We've got him dead to rights.  But like I said, this is top priority so we're handing out free passes on this one. And the first one's got your name on it. Cut your sentence in half, maybe more.
He's going down, George.  It's election year.  We're not making any deals.
What the fuck?  Is he going to walk?
What about him?
You hear about your old friend, Diego?
What do you guys want?
How are you doing, George?
He's getting middled, too.  And Derek's our partner.  What's good for us is good for him.
Source?  What about Derek?
The set-up is wrong.  We're doing all the legwork, and at the end of the day, we're still paying retail.  We're getting middled.
What the fuck are you talking about, man?
Holy shit, Dulli.  What the hell are you doing here?
Look what the cat dragged in.
Tuna.
George.
We sell it.  I got it all figured out. We make three finger lids and sell them on the beach.  We move all of it.  We've made ourselves a hundred bucks.  Or a lot of weed for our head.  What do you think?  Not bad, huh?  I got the baggies and everything.
It's oregano.  You got ripped off, pal. What are you gonna do with all this?
You know how we were wondering what we were going to do for money?  Being how we don't want to get jobs and whatnot? Well, check this out.
Figured what out?
Figured it out.
Tuna.
George.
We sell it.  I got it all figured out. We make three finger lids and sell them on the beach.  We move all of it.  We've made ourselves a hundred bucks.  Or a lot of weed for our head.  What do you think?  Not bad, huh?  I got the baggies and everything.
It's oregano.  You got ripped off, pal. What are you gonna do with all this?
You know how we were wondering what we were going to do for money?  Being how we don't want to get jobs and whatnot? Well, check this out.
Figured what out?
Figured it out.
Better than you.
Mirtha, how are you doing?
George, he wasn't asking.
He wants me to testify?  Is that what he's asking me to do?
Well, I got a call from Pablo.  He said this thing with Diego is a disaster. He's giving up lab locations, names, bank accounts, he was very pissed off. Pablo said to take him down.  His exact words were "Fuck Diego."
Yeah.
Is she here?  George, Kristina hates you.  You fucked her over one too many times.  And I'm not here to socialize. Did you hear about Diego?
Is she here?  Is she coming?
Kristina's fine.
Mirtha, what's going on?  Everything okay with Kristina?
Yeah.  I'm fine.  I'm good.
Hey, George.  You okay?
I know.  Well, that's all I really wanted to say.  So, okay, then.
She's getting big.  Getting her own ideas.
Yeah.
Hey, look.  You start paying, who knows what will happen.  You're a good father, George.  I always gave you that.  But you've got to talk to her.
Yeah, you will.  Of course.
Yeah?  I better see some money out of it.
Yeah, well.  I'm working on that.  I've got something going.
I haven't seen one dollar from you.  You haven't paid me one cent in child support, alimony.
Yeah, so I've been thinking.  I love her, y'know?  I kind of want to have her.  I've been away for so long.  Make up for the missed time, you know?
Yeah.  She told me.  You walk her to school.
You knew I was seeing Kristina, right?
What do you want?
Fuck you, George.  I knew you'd say something like that.  Always thinking about yourself.
What do you want me to say?  I'm in prison.  You should know.  You put me here.
You should have taken better care of me, you know?  You've been away a long time. Four years.  Say something.
That's right.  Always spying, always judging.  Everyone's laughing at you, you fucking pussy.  You let Diego fuck you in the ass.  Maybe you are a fucking faggot.  You must be fucking Diego because you're not fucking me.
What?
My problem?  We're broke, that's my fucking problem.  And you're a fucking spy.
Hey, why don't you just put a "I'm doing cocaine" sign on the car.  What is your fucking problem?
Fuck you, George, just fucking drive.
There's a fucking cop behind us, Mirtha. Be cool, will ya.
Don't give me that shit.  You just better do something.
Not in front of the kid.
Don't touch me.  Tell me.  Just answer the question.  What do I spend?  What? How will we live?
Please, Mirtha.  I'll start working for Augusto.  I'll talk to him tonight. I'll do something.
What are we going to do?!  What are we going to use for money?!
Oh fucking relax.  Let your hair down for once.  It's your fucking birthday, for Chrissakes.  You're such a fucking pussy.  I swear to G-d, I married this big time drug dealer and wound up with the maid.
No, that's alright.
Out.
Where are you going?
Can you lift the furnace.  I need money.
Alright.
I said, I've seen it before.
But this is...
Yeah.  I know.  She did that before.
No.  These are her first steps.  Watch her.
She did that before.
Look, Mirtha.  She's walking.
Pablo said no.  It's all over.  And I'm never going back.  I have you.  We have the baby.  And there's nothing else. It's just the family now.  Shhh.  Sleep now.
Pablo said no?
Shhh, honey, never mind.  It's alright. It's over.  I quit the business.  I'm out.
George.  Oh, Jesus Christ, George.  Look at you.
Put that shit away, they're here.
Oh, don't be such a fucking hypocrite. I quit smoking, didn't I?
Jesus Christ.
I like fire.
You better know what you're doing, George.  You're playing with fire.
What is your name?
I know who you are, El Americano. Mister George.
I don't know.  My name is George.
Why are you smiling?
Why are you smiling?
I don't think so.
Do I know you?
Hello.
Hello.
After everything.  After everything, the only thing left out of my whole life is you.
I know, Dad.  I love you too.
I love you.  I love you so much.  You've got to know that.  You've got to know.
Shhhh.
I fucked up.
I know, Dad.  I know...
I didn't mean to...
It's alright, Dad.
I'm sorry, baby.  I'm so sorry.
I swear on your life.
Swear on my life.
I swear.  On my life.
I don't believe you.
That's right.  Three o'clock.  Thursday. At your mother's.  You and me.  It's a date.
You swear?
There's schools in California.
But I've got school.
You let me take care of your mother. You just pack your bags.
You know I can't.  Mom will never let me go.
Yeah.  Go out there, check it out, see what it's like.  I've got some stuff to do this week, but I'm thinking maybe Thursday.  Thursday after school.
You swear?
I don't know.  Maybe California.
Where are you going?
I'm thinking about getting out of town this week.  You want to come with me?
I'll be here.
Bye, Dad.  See you in the morning, okay?
California.
California, huh?
No.  I just kind of like the sound of it.
What is it?  A Disneyland thing?
Yeah.
California?  You can go anywhere in the world.  India.  Tibet.  Australia. Paris.  And you choose California?
Yeah, sure, whatever.
You mean, like a trip?
Let me ask you something.  If you could go anywhere in the world, anywhere, where would you want to go?
Do what you want, it's a free country.
Just to walk with you.  I want to be your dad again.
What do you want from me?
Kristina, c'mon, I'm sorry.  I'm going to make this right.  I've got a few things going on...
I don't want, alright?  It's not funny. I'm really pissed off, George.  You blew it, now leave me alone.
You can call me Dad if you want.
What?
Dad.
George, you just can't show up, tell me you love me, and have everything be okay.
How are you doing?
Well, here I am.  See?
Nothing.  I just wanted you to know I was out.  I just wanted to see you.
What are you doing here?
No, never.  Don't even think about that, it's impossible.  I love your mother. And you are my heart.  Could I live without my heart?  Could I?
Are we gonna split up?
I don't know.
What's happening to us?
Everything's gonna be okay, sweetheart. Don't be upset.
We'll do that tomorrow, okay?  It's lockdown time.
Because she's visiting me.
Okay, George.
But I want to put her name on the list for tomorrow.  My daughter.
Not today, George.  Time to go back.
But I have a visitor.
Shortly after I arrived at Danbury Federal Correctional Institute I related to Diego that the crime I was in for was smuggling marijuana. Diego told me he had high level connections in Colombia and they needed to find someone to help them transport cocaine into America...
Mr. Jung, can you describe the circumstances of how you began talking about cocaine with Mr. Delgado?
Let the record state the witness has identified, Diego Delgado.
Yes, he's sitting right there at the end of the table.
Do you see him here in the courtroom?
Yes, I do.
Mr. Jung, do you know Diego Delgado?
I don't give a shit.  Split it up.  Have a great life.  I'm done.  I'm out. Starting over.  Cheers.
Jesus, George, fifteen percent.  That's an extra two-hundred large.
You saved my life, Dulli.  You'll never fucking know.  All you guys.  Everyone just got a raise.  Instead of ten percent, you get fifteen.
They're over at the booth.
Sounds fine.  I'll need to meet everybody.
You're looking at him.  We provide the plane, transportation cost, U.S. landing spot, and take it to wherever you want it to go.  You provide the pick up point in South America, and are responsible for payment.  You assume all the bust risks.  We take sixty-five percent of all transportation fees, ten percent of the gross, plus our expenses. This is not a negotiation, so if this is okay with you, we can talk further.  If not, we can forget we had this conversation.
Who's the co-pilot?
It's a four-man operation.  Two on the ground.  Two in the air.
Actually, I've got some news.  That fifty thousand I promised you, I couldn't get it.
Good to see you, Jorge.  You are a man of your word.
Amigo, you bring me fifty-thousand dollars, and I have no more concerns.
What if I brought you, let's say, fifty thousand dollars?  Would that eliminate some of your concerns?
Marijuana is illegal in my country, and I believe in yours, as well.  We must be careful.
I don't need a little.  I need a lot.
Listen, Americano, it is very nice to meet you, but maybe we are going too fast.  You take a little and then come back.
All of it.  As much as you've got.  A couples thousand pounds.  I'll be back in a week with a plane.
Ha ha ha.  You are funny.   Really, how much will you be needing?
Very nice.  I'll take it.
For instance, something like this?
Yes, I am.
Ramon tells me you are looking for some mota.
Are we good?  Yeah, we're good.  We're beautiful.  We're perfect.  This is A grade, one-hundred percent pure Colombian cocaine, Ladies and Gentlemen. Disco shit.  Pure as the driven snow. Good riddance.
Are we good?
That was it.  Seeing Dulli after fourteen years sealed the deal for me. The rest was just details.  My end was roughly five-hundred thousand.  Kristina and I could have a good life for five hundred grand.  Start over somewhere. One final score.  That's all I needed.
Georgie, oh man, hold the mayo!
Holy shit, Dulli!
Relax.  I've flown with my old man a million times.  And he always told me, the taking off part is easy, it's the landing you've got to worry about.
Not that far, only halfway.  You sure you know what you're doing?
Who speaks Spanish?
Okay.  So we need a source.  Where do we start?
So, we need to get to the source.
So?
What?
It's not enough.
When there's something to move, it's too easy not to.  Do you know how many colleges are in a twenty mile radius? U. Mass, Amherst, B.U....
Yeah?
Shit, yeah.  Do you know how much money I could make if I had this stuff back east?
Yeah?
I wish there was shit like this back home.
Stoned?
G-d, I'm stoned.  I'm stoned.  I'm really...
Right on.
No, man.  I'm too fucked up.
This calls for a joint.  You want to do the honors?
I'm on vacation.  On my way back to school.
Yeah, but what are you doing out here?
Well, I'll tell you.  I was walking down the beach, minding my business, when who did I see but this fucking guy.  I didn't know you guys were living in California.
Don't be such a pussy.
I can't believe we're stealing a plane.
You know, he's got a point.  We're fucking Americans.  We stick out like sore thumbs.
This is bullshit, George.  We're never going to find anything down there.
Cheer up, man.  Half this money is ours. We're fucking rich.
What's the matter, George?  Something wrong?  You look like you just fucked your mother.
Jesus Christ, I'm getting a boner just looking at it.
Twenty, forty, sixty, eighty, nine. Twenty, forty, sixty, eighty, a thousand.  It's all there.  Wow.  A hundred and twenty-eight thousand dollars.
Right.  And Holyoke.  There are a hundred thousand rich kids with their parents' money to spend, but there's never anything available.  Nothing good, anyway.  I'm paying four hundred dollars for shit.
Smith.  Hampshire....
That's right.
No shit, Kevin?
Fuck yeah.  I never seen nothing like it.  I'm fucking wasted.
Nice weed, huh?
The successes obtained are the results of those methods. One presupposes the other and vice versa.
Colonel Mathieu ... Much has been said lately not only of the successes obtained by the paratroopers, but also of the methods that they have employed ... Can you tell us something about this?
The UN is far away, dear sir. It is easier to make oneself heard with bombs. If I were in their place, I would use bombs.
They seemed to be plausible this time. A general strike is a good argument for the UN.
And you believe the NLF?
But the NLF has always spoken of a strike as a demonstration ...
No. It has failed in its objective.
The strike is a success; but ...
Look around. I've put everything at your disposal. Go take a look with your own eyes.
And those who explode bombs in public places, do they perhaps respect the law? When you asked that question to Ben M'Hidi, remember what he said? No, gentlemen, believe me, it is a vicious circle. And we could discuss the problem for hours without reaching any conclusions. Because the problem does not lie here. The problem is: the NLF wants us to leave Algeria and we want to remain. Now, it seems to me that, despite varying shades of opinion, you all agree that we must remain. When the rebellion first began, there were not even shades of opinion. All the newspapers, even the left-wing ones wanted the rebellion suppressed. And we were sent here for this very reason. And we are neither madmen nor sadists, gentlemen. Those who call us fascists today, forget the contribution that many of us made to the Resistance. Those who call us Nazis, do not know that among us there are survivors of Dachau and Buchenwald. We are soldiers and our only duty is to win. Therefore, to be precise, I would now like to ask you a question: Should France remain in Algeria? If you answer "yes," then you must accept all the necessary consequences.
The law is often inconvenient, colonel ...
Let's try to be precise then. The word "torture" does not appear in our orders. We have always spoken of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation directed against unknown enemies. As for the NLF, they request that their members, in the event of capture, should maintain silence for twenty-four hours, and then, they may talk. Thus, the organization has already had the time necessary to render useless any information furnished ... What type of interrogation should we choose? ... the one the courts use for a crime of homicide which drags on for months?
The questions have already been asked. I would only like some precise answers, that's all ...
I understand. What's your question?
Excuse me, colonel. I have the impression that perhaps due to excessive prudence ... my colleagues continue to ask the same allusive questions, to which you can only respond in an allusive manner. I think it would be better to call things by their right names; if one means torture, then one should call it torture.
It depends on you.
And here?
In Indochina, <U>they</U> won.
Exactly.
Dien Bien Phu?
It is an inevitable stage in revolutionary war; from terrorism, one passes to insurrection ... as from open guerrilla warfare one passes to real war, the latter being the determining factor ...
Uh ... responsible for the sixth section.
Third group. What's your assignment?
Third group.
What "group"?
Second district, Casbah, West Algiers.
Second district ... Explain better ...
Second district ...
Which "district" do you belong to?
Sail.
Second name.
Sid Ahmed.
Go ahead! C'mon ... Repeat everything from the beginning, and then we'll let you go. Name ...
You've got to change occupations, Hacene. Right away!
What ... What must I decide?
They're not paying me anything. They've already warned you twice; this is the last warning. Decide.
How much are they paying you?
The NLF has condemned you to death.
What's happened to you?
It's true.
Why are you afraid? We've always been friends. One might even say that I brought you up ... Isn't it true, Ali?
Don't move, Hacene.
You afraid of these ...?
No. Not you, or any one of us. As long as we are free, the NLF continues to exist in the Casbah. If they manage to take us too, there won't be anything left ... And from nothing comes nothing ...
No, immediately. The people are demoralized. Leave this to me ...
Of course. As soon as possible.
Yes, but we must also show them that we still exist.
It's better to split up, to increase our chances. We must change hiding places, and change them continually ... In the meantime, we must make new contacts, replace our arrested brothers, reorganize our sections--
No, it's better if he doesn't. The house is filled with new people.
Why? Isn't he sleeping here?
Not enough.
And how many are we?
Because we aren't ready yet for the French. Before attacking, we must have safe places from which to depart and find refuge. Of course, there is the Casbah. But even the Casbah isn't safe yet. There are too many drunks, pushers, whores, addicts, spies ... people who talk too much ... people who are ready to sell themselves, undecided people. We must either convince them or eliminate them. We must think of ourselves first. We must clean out the Casbah first. Only then will we be able to deal with the French. Do you understand, Ali?
You still haven't told me why you didn't let me kill him.
Then don't complain.
I don't do that kind of thing.
C'mon ... you're exaggerating. The orders were to shoot him in the back.
What's important for me is that you let me risk my life for nothing.
You weren't able to. But what's important is that you tried.
But I haven't shot him.
My name is Kader, Ali ... Saari Kader ... In other words, in order to join the organization, you had to undergo a test. I could have told you to murder the barman, but he's an Algerian ... and the police would let you kill him, even though he is one of theirs. By obeying such an order, you still could have been a double agent. And that's why I told you to kill the French policeman: because the French wouldn't have let you do it. If you were with the police you wouldn't have done it.
I don't even know your name yet ...
Even that could be a trick. You escape, then show up at the address which the brothers in prison gave to you, and so you are able to contact me ...
Sure. By shooting at me.
Let's suppose you were a spy. In prison, when the NLF contacts you, you pretend to support the revolution, and then the French help you to escape ...
I'll explain.
With an unloaded pistol?
Go away.
With the others. They are trying to stop the people.
Where's Kader?
Here?
Read it.
Sure ...
Can you read?
Men have two faces: one that laughs and one that cries ...
Go away!
Yes ... yes. The problem also involves the UN. I don't know what it's worth, but this way, we'll give the UN the possibility of evaluating our strength.
To show them to the UN, right?
That's true ... Wars aren't won with terrorism, neither wars nor revolutions. Terrorism is a beginning but afterward, all the people must act ... This is the reason for the strike, and its necessity: to mobilize all Algerians, count them and measure their strength ...
Because they told us that we mustn't use weapons, now, when the time is right.
Why?
No, and neither were my men.
But Kader told me that you weren't in favor of the strike.
No ...
No, they'll do even more. We've given them the opportunity to do a lot more ... Do you understand what I mean? Starting tomorrow, they won't be groping in the dark any more; every shop and every worker who strikes will be a known enemy, a self-confessed criminal ... And they will be able to pass to the offensive. Have you thought of this?
It's clear. They'll do everything possible to make it fail.
Yes, I think so too ... It's been organized well ... But what will the French do?
I think it'll be a success ...
What do you think of the strike, Ali?
It's a question of habit ...
It's good nobody is following us ...
Let's try ...
Be careful now. Unless you know how it works, it's better if you sit on the plank and move forward like this ...
I'm sorry. Tomorrow. Tonight is out of the question.
Please, we just want to take a short ride. A friend of mine has never seen the Casbah.
It's ten minutes past midnight. Curfew begins at midnight.
But it's not even midnight yet!
It's too late. No one is allowed to enter the Casbah at this hour. It's impossible.
Good evening ... Can we pass?
Good evening, sir.
All right. See you tomorrow, Corbiere.
Rue de Thbes? In the Upper Casbah, I think ...
Tell me ... Where is this rue de Thbes?
Good evening, sir.
Good, thank you, Corbiere... . See you tomorrow.
Intersection, between Consular Street and General Laquiere Avenue ...
Where were we?
Why, yes, of course ... But for the moment, let's be satisfied with Algiers! In the mountains our work is always easier.
Bah, for that matter, Algeria isn't the only country in the world ...
Let's hope forever.
Yes, I believe there won't be any more talk of the NLF for some time.
And so the tapeworm no longer has a head. Are you satisfied, Mathieu? In Algiers everything should be over.
Yes, a name for the operation.
A name?
Mathieu! Mathieu, a name ...
She says that Ali is still in the Casbah.
What is she saying?
No. Let's just say that you've given me the satisfaction to have guessed correctly. But from the technical point of view, it isn't possible to speak of advantages. By now the game is over. The NLF has been defeated.
That proves that I was wrong. Evidently I credited you with an advantage greater than I should have.
Of course I am.
You seem to be very satisfied to have taken me alive ...
For many months, I've had your photo on my desk together with a dozen or so reports on you ... And naturally, I am under the illusion that I know you somewhat. You never seemed the type, Kader, inclined to performing useless actions.
Why?
Yes ... But let me first see you.
Are you ready, colonel?
Okay, I'll make the statement in writing ...
We'll lower a basket from the window ...
How can I give you this statement?
Okay. But we want your promise for a fair trial in writing. Give us a written statement, Mathieu, and then we'll surrender.
We don't trust you, colonel. Come forward, show yourself.
Mathieu. Colonel Mathieu.
Who is speaking?
Thanks, Mister D.
You did a good job, Charlie.
I don't know.
You think the D.A.'s gonna file on Joanne?
Take some time off.
She kills the old man and makes it look like Miss Lawson did it.  Pretty slick.
Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing.  Since Rebecca Lawson is the sole beneficiary of the new will, if she is found guilty the will is void and Joanne Braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstated.
What good does that do -- it's the old will?
Here it is!  According to the old will Joanne Braslow was to inherit two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
What would Joanne Braslow need with an estate attorney?  She wasn't even mentioned in Marsh's will.
Joe Koehler.  I know him.  He's an estate attorney -- and he's very expensive.
Joanne Braslow is getting more and more interesting.  I followed her today to an attorney's office. Joseph Koehler.
Right now.  Guess who's been buying Coke from him for the last five and half years?
Charlie -- are you going to make a point soon?
You got something on the Coke?
I'm sorry to barge in -- but I figured after that bombshell that got laid on you today you could use some good news?
Because it hasn't all been erased.
Why?
It's very good -- because when the D.A's office saw it they assumed it was the end of the tape, otherwise they would have buried it.
So, what good is it to us if it's been erased?
I would have missed it -- but the phone rang and I let it play while I talked.  It looks like blank tape -- but it isn't.  It's been erased without any input signal coming in.
No -- but I got something.
You got something on the coke?
I've been waiting for you to get back.
I'm trying.
You've got to get me something I can use, Charlie.
Before you ask there's nothing new on the coke.
I want you to hit all the dealers in town.  Give them a list of people close to Marsh and see if any of them use.  Then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan Paley.  He lives up in Roseburg.
So -- where do we start?
We have to find out who else would profit from Marsh's death -- and who knew enough about his personal life to know that putting cocaine in the nasal spray would be fatal.
I'm sorry, man -- but I ain't ever heard of no brother dying from gettin' too much pussy.
It could've happened to anyone.
Yeah -- I hear they had 'em a real dog and pony show going on up there - -  I'll tell you, sometimes white people are a real puzzle to me.  I mean, did this old guy really think he was gonna be able to keep up with a sweet little number like that?
Fine, Charlie.  You familiar with the Marsh case?
How you doin' Mister D?
Did I say it was a natural death?
Because he wasn't dead when she left, and even if he was, not reporting a natural death in a timely fashion isn't a crime.
For starters I'd like to know why she left the house and didn't report the death?
An inquiry into what?
I just wanted to introduce myself and inform Miss Lawson that there will be an inquiry.
I don't think that this is the time, or the place.
Then you can go.
Yeah.
How?
I think I'm going to make your day.
That's the best part.  She gets it all -- everything.
What about the will?
Had to.  I also interviewed three women who were in past relationships with Marsh.  There's no evidence that he had anything but straight sex prior to meeting Miss Lawson.
So she knew about his heart?
He can remember at least one occasion -- and the receptionist can recall two times when she accompanied Marsh to the office.
What did he say about Miss Lawson?
Marsh's Cardiologist told me that after Marsh was diagnosed with heart disease he quit smoking, quit drinking and started exercising every day.  Does that sound like a guy who'd start shoveling cocaine up his nose?
Thank you, Doctor McCurdy.  Your witness.
It would be the same as shooting a gun at him.
What would be the effect if someone secretly administered cocaine to Mr. Marsh and then induced him to make love?
It would be an added stress to his heart.
-- And if he were in the midst of making love while under the influence of cocaine?
Increase his heart rate.
Dr. McCurdy, what would cocaine do to someone in Mr. Marsh's condition?
Yes -- those of Mr. Marsh and a thumb print of Miss Lawson's.
Your Honor, the State enters this evidence as exhibit A.  Were any fingerprints found on the bottle?
Yes.
Is this the bottle that was found on the nightstand?
We found a bottle of Dristan nasal spray on the nightstand.  It was filled with water and cocaine.  Mr. Marsh had a head cold at the time of his death.  I believe he wasn't aware that he was ingesting cocaine.
Then how did it get into his body?
I don't think so.  The membrane in his nasal passage didn't show any sign of long time usage.
So, Mr. Marsh used cocaine?
We found a high concentration of cocaine in his blood.
What induced it?
No.
Was the heart attack the result of natural causes?
Very poor.  He was suffering from severe arterial disease.
What was Mr. Marsh's physical condition prior to his death?
A massive cardiac arrest.
Doctor McCurdy, what was the cause of death?
Can we put Rebecca Lawson at the scene?
Cocaine is the last thing a man in his condition would want.
Any prints on the nasal spray?
We know Marsh had a head cold.   We found cocaine mixed with water in a nasal spray container on the nightstand.  The coke would contract the nasal membrane the same as any decongestant, but for a much shorter time.  He'd keep using more and more -- never knowing what he was taking.
What can we prove?
Yes.
What are you saying, Henry?  That his girlfriend fucked him to death?
But there's more?
That's what my report will read.
The official cause?
The official cause of death was a cardiac arrest.
What'd he die of?
Marsh wasn't alone.  We found traces of sperm on the sheets.  The toxicology report says there were high levels of cocaine in his blood.
Not sure.  I'll have everything you need tomorrow.
Cause?
About three hours.
Your witness.
No -- never.
Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use cocaine?
Could you be more specific?
Sex.
What was the nature of the argument?
Well -- he died on a Sunday and I have the weekends off -- but they were ripping at each other with both barrels Friday afternoon.
Did they argue the day before he died?
You name it -- they argued about it. Mr. Marsh tried his best to keep her happy -- but it seemed that no matter what he did it was never enough for her.
What did they argue about?
Like cats and dogs.
Did Miss Lawson and Mr. Marsh ever argue?
Yes.
Mrs. Crawford, you were Mr. Marsh's maid for nine years?
Counsel approach the bench.
Objection, Your Honor.
You may call your next witness.
No questions.
Did Miss Lawson ever give you any indication why she was leaving?
Objection sustained.
Alright -- I'm going to allow his testimony.
He was away on an extended vacation and just returned two days ago.
Why didn't the State's investigation uncover Mr. Roston earlier?
Your Honor, Mr. Roston is an ex-lover of Miss Lawson's.
You get his statement?
Can I go?
Your Honor, I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women.
Objection!  May I remind Mr. Dulaney that the person on trial here is Miss Lawson -- not Dr. Paley.
Your Honor, I'm trying to establish the sense of betrayal Miss Lawson felt when she discovered the man she lived with was a different person than she thought he was.
Objection!  Mr. Roston's sexual preferences are not at issue in this trial.
I'll rephrase the question.  Mr. Roston isn't it true you are bisexual?
Objection!
The opinion of a scorned lover is hardly an objective view.
Your Honor, Mr. Roston lived with the defendant for many months.  I feel that his opinion is valid in substantiating the character of the Miss Lawson.
Objection.  The question calls for a conclusion on the part of the witness.
The State's investigation just uncovered Mr. Roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago.
Your Honor, I don't see a Mr. Roston listed as a prosecution witness.
Her.  It's an obvious move.  I'm building a case against her, remember?
You've been following me?
Really?  What does an attorney speak to his client about at her house until three o'clock in the morning?
You don't know what you're talking about.
I'm talking to you as a friend now. Don't ruin your life, your career for her.  She'll spit you out when this is over.
That's ridiculous.
Back off, John.
What's happening to you, Frank? You're acting like you're on trial here.  This has become personal to you.
I didn't hear it.
Hey -- the bell's sounded.  It's between rounds.
I've got work to do.
Your Honor -- please!
I'm just curious to see if Mr. Troxell reconstructed anything else.
Objection, Your Honor.  The fact that Mrs. Crawford heard Mr. Troxell reconstruct her sentence and decided to rephrase her words in a more intelligent manner for the court doesn't mean the incident never happened.
I was just about to make my point, Your Honor.
Your Honor, I fail to see what Mrs Crawford's educational background has to do with this case.
Objection.  Your Honor, we don't know where this tape is from.  Who made it -- or under what circumstances it was made.
Your Honor, this is a tape from Miss Lawson's answering machine.  I would like to play it now.
Yeah.  Well -- we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that.
Aren't they all?
She's innocent.
Then she's not as smart as I thought she was.  You've seen her in the depositions.  Tell me you don't have any doubts?
I'll tell her but she won't take it.
We're going all the way on this one, Frank.  Tell your client she has until the prelim to cop a plea for murder two -- fifteen to twenty five.
I don't buy it and neither will a jury.
The M.E.'s report stated that Marsh's nasal membranes showed no sign of prior cocaine use.  Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning.  We would have looked for motive and the trail would have still led back to her.
Suspicions maybe -- but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction.
Because she's clever.  Because she knows that even if we didn't find it we'd have suspicions as to why a man in Marsh's condition would use cocaine.
Why would she want that?
She planned this.  She wanted us to find the nasal spray.
C'mon -- think about it.  If she was going to kill Marsh why leave the nasal spray bottle there for the police to find?
You're bluffing.  John, it's me, remember?  I've known you since your name was Juan Carlos.
Take your pole out of the water, Frank.  The fish ain't biting today.
Can you?
You can't show intent.
Marsh left her close to three million dollars in his will.  That's motive. She admits to being there the night of his death.  That's opportunity -- and her fingerprints are on the nasal spray bottle.
Lookin' to make the papers, John?
No.  Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions. She doesn't have to sit here and be insulted.  So, either you charge her now or we're leaving.
Sit down, Frank.
That's it.  My client doesn't have to take this crap from you.
That's correct -- but Andrew never told me he had a heart condition.  He said he had a heart arrhythmia and it was nothing serious.
Mr. Marsh's Cardiologist and his nurse have told us that you accompanied Mr. Marsh to their office on at least two occasions.
No.
Were you aware of Mr. Marsh's heart condition?
No.  I haven't done it in years.
Did you use it the night Marsh died?
I have.
Miss Lawson, do you use cocaine?
What did Mr. Marsh say?
Yes.
Did you talk about Miss Lawson?
Horrible.  He was tired and pale.
How did he look?
Yes.
Did you see Mr. Marsh the day before his death?
I opened the bathroom door one day and saw Miss Lawson pouring Cocaine out of a vial.
Tell the court about that, please.
Yes.
What about Miss Lawson?
No -- never.
Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use Cocaine?
Six years.
How long were you Mr Marsh's personal secretary?
Thank you.
No -- but I can get it for you.
You wouldn't know her address, would you?
Rebecca Lawson.
Her name?
I assume his girlfriend.
Do you know who Mr. Marsh was with?
I had some papers to pick up.
Why did you come by?
A little after eleven.
Miss Braslow -- I'm District Attorney John Cardenas.  You arrived at what time tonight?
Show me.
No.  She stopped by to pick up some papers.
She was here?
His Secretary.  Joanne Braslow.
Who found him?
Yeah.
Is it Marsh?
Doctor Steven Trammel.  Cardiologist.
Just one last question.  What does the sign on your office door say?
Yes.
Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh to your office?
Yes.
He did everything he could to take care of his heart?
Yes -- he stopped smoking and drinking and exercised regularly.
Did Mr. Marsh change his lifestyle after that?
About a year and half ago.
Doctor Trammel, when did you first diagnose that Mr. Marsh had heart disease?
Thank you.  The State rests.
She was.
Who was your primary beneficiary?
Yes.
Did you change your will while you were with Miss Lawson?
I woke up the next morning and she was gone.
What happened after that?
I couldn't help myself.  You get lost inside a women like her.  It was like a drug.  It was the best sex I ever had.
If you knew it was bad for you why did you do it?
She started touching herself and telling me how much she wanted me. She reached down and put me inside her.  My doctor had warned me about exerting myself -- but you really don't think of those things at a moment like that.  You just think about how beautiful this woman is -- how much you want her.  How deeply you want to please her.  At first it started off slowly -- but the rhythm built and built.    Every time I got close to an orgasm she would stop.  Eventually I started to have trouble breathing.  Rebecca just kept going -- faster and faster.  No matter what I said she wouldn't stop. I really thought for a moment I was going to die.
What did she do next, Mr. Roston?
She said she was going to fuck me like I've never been fucked before.
Mr. Roston I know this is difficult for you, but it's important you tell the court what she did.
What did she say?
She told me that tonight we were going to open new doors.  I asked her to stop -- to take off the handcuffs, but she wouldn't listen.
She's a woman who is very much aware of her own sexuality.  Sometimes I felt she could read my mind.  It was uncanny how she knew exactly what I wanted.  A few nights before my heart surgery Rebecca woke me.  She had handcuffed me to the bed.
What would she do that made it hard to resist?
It's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she is.
It was like sex was a game to her. She got off on the control.  She always used to tell me it had to be her way.
Can you give the court an example?
It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could.  She called it opening new doors.
When you say your sexual relations with Miss Lawson were intense what exactly do you mean?
Well -- I think that after the operation she realized that...
Why do you think she left you?
She didn't.  She just left.
Why did she say she was leaving?
She left me.
Why not?
It didn't.
How did your relationship with Miss Lawson progress after the surgery?
Fine.  The doctors say if I keep taking care of myself I can live to be a very old man.
And how are you now?
I had bypass surgery.
What happened next?
I had a bad heart.
What kind of condition are you referring to?
It was wild.  She was constantly trying to get me more and more worked up -- kinky things.  I tried to satisfy her the best I could, but it was difficult in my condition.
I know this is a very personal subject, but could you be a little more specific?
Intense.
How would you describe your sex life with Miss Lawson?
For about one year.
How long were you together?
We were lovers.
Mr. Roston, what was your relationship with Miss Lawson?
Cocaine.
-- And what did you suggest?
She said that those weren't any good -- because their use would be detected and the police would know the victim had been poisoned.  She wanted to know if there was a drug that would induce a heart attack but could also be used to enhance a sexual high.
What did she say?
Yes -- Insulin and others.
Did you suggest any?
She said that she was working on a novel and she wanted to know what kinds of drugs would be harmful to someone with a bad heart.
What kind of information?
Well -- I realized that she wasn't interested in me.  She was just trying to get information out of me.
Why?
We stopped seeing each other.
What eventually happened to your relationship with Miss Lawson?
Yes -- several times.
Did you ever see her again after that?
At a dinner party -- about eight months ago.
Where did you meet Miss Lawson?
I mean she only screwed me two or three times a night because she had to -- I'm sure she didn't enjoy it.
That's enough.
I'm sure that every orgasm she had with me was faked.
You called him?
Don't you see what she's doing?  She needs you to kill me.  She's planned it that way from the start.  That's why she phoned me tonight.
That's all Dr. Paley.
I may have been infatuated with her - - but I wouldn't perjure myself.
No further questions.
You can suggest anything you want. It happened.
I suggest it never happened.
No -- she asked me about cocaine.
You're still angry, aren't you? Isn't it true that your whole story is nothing more than a vindictive attempt on your behalf to get back at Miss Lawson?
I was angry.
You'll be sorry?
No.
And after that didn't you continuously harass Miss Lawson?
Yes.
And the argument was about the fact that you wanted to be romantically involved and she did not.
Well -- as I remember it, we had an argument.
If necessary I can bring in the valet parking attendant and two customers who witnessed the occurrence.
No.
You didn't grab her and try to kiss her?
No.
Isn't it true that later that night you tried to force yourself on Miss Lawson in the parking lot?
We had dinner at a restaurant.
Dr. Paley, where were you the last time you saw Miss Lawson?
No.  No, I don't.
Then you have no way of knowing what Mr. Marsh told Miss Lawson were the reasons for his visits?
No.
Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh inside during his examinations?
No.
Did Mr. Marsh ever tell you that he had spoken to Miss Lawson about his illness?
No.
Dr. Trammel, did you ever speak to Miss Lawson about Mr. Marsh's condition?
Yes -- quite easy.
One last question, Doctor.  If someone didn't know better, would it be easy to mistake the peony root for cocaine?
October twenty-seventh.
A previous witness stated that she saw Miss Lawson pouring a white powder into her hand on October twenty-eighth.  According to your records when did you prescribe the drug?
I tell them to pour an amount the size of a quarter into the their hand and mix it with water.
How do you instruct your patients to take it?
It's a white powder that comes in a vial.
Would you describe for the court what Chinese peony root looks like?
Chinese peony root.
What did you prescribe for her?
Yes.
Did you ever prescribe any medication for her cramps?
She suffers from severe menstrual cramps.
Why does she come to you?
Yes.  I've been seeing her for over a year.
--And is Miss Lawson a patient of yours?
Oriental medicine.
Dr. Wong -- what type of medicine do you practice?
What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say?
No.
Then -- those are not your own words?
I heard him say it.
No.
High school?
No.
Did you go to college, Mrs. Crawford?
There was an inquiry.  It was his word against mine.  They believed him.  I was fired.
What happened?
While I was seeing Dr. Paley I mentioned to him one night that someone was stealing drugs from the third floor dispensary.   Three days after I spoke to him in his office he went to the Head Nurse and told her he had witnessed me stealing drugs.
What happened next?
Do you remember his exact words?
He laughed -- and basically said he would decide when it was over.
What did he say?
How?
Yes -- he did.
Did he make your life miserable?
He used to call me -- tell me that I couldn't just walk out on him.  He said that if I didn't come back he'd make my life miserable.
-- And what did Dr. Paley do after you stopped seeing him?
I realized he wasn't serious.  He was seeing other women -- asking other nurses at the hospital out, so I ended it.
Then what happened?
We dated for about a month last year.
What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley.
I'm a nurse.  I used to work at Roseburg Memorial Hospital.  Dr. Paley's on staff there.
Where did you meet him?
Yes.
Miss Sellers, do you know Dr. Alan Paley?
Because he called me.
Then why did you go see Mr. Koehler in the first place?
No.
You didn't know about it before that?
To show you this.  It's a letter from that lawyer, Koehler.  He wrote it to me the day after I saw him.  He's the one who told me I could get the money if Miss Lawson went to jail.
Why'd you come here?
I'm gonna go to jail.  I know they're gonna make it look like I did it. They gotta put it on someone.
What do you think I've got?  A gun? Maybe I'm gonna kill you too.  Maybe I'll blow your head off right now.
What do you have in your purse?
You killed him -- didn't you, Joanne?
Yes.
Then you would have gotten your money?
You take what people say and make it ugly.  You make others believe what you want them to.  She should have been found guilty.  She shouldn't have gotten off.
Because you were jealous.  Because he cut you out of the will.  Because you have a cocaine habit to feed -- because you know that if Rebecca Lawson is found guilty the new will is void -- and there's a very good chance the old one would be honored.
No!  Why would I want to kill him?
Isn't it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle?
No.
Isn't it true that you stopped by the house after you left the drug store and dropped off the items you bought?
I don't know.
You see that's what bothers me.  No other bottle of nasal spray was found in the house.  The police looked. There was only the one bottle.  But you say you didn't arrive until after Mr. Marsh was dead -- yet we know he was using the nasal spray prior to his death.  How do you think it got there?
P.M.
A.M -- or P.M.?
Three fifteen.
Would you read for us the time of the purchase?
Dristan nasal spray.
There's an item you picked up that's marked.  Will you read it?
Yes.
Well - I'm a little confused.  This is a charge receipt from Rosen's Drug Store where Mr. Marsh had an account.  It's dated the day of the murder.  Is this your signature?
Yes.
Yes.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money.  That must have made you pretty angry?
She talked him into it.  She wanted everything.
In his previous will Mr. Marsh left you two hundred and fifty thousand dollars -- then he cut you out.  Why do you think he did that?
Yes.
--and that he changed his will?
Yes.
--And that Mr. Marsh paid less attention to you?
Yes.
And you resented that he cared for her in a way he once cared for you?
Yes.
You resented the fact that she told you what to do in Mr. Marsh's house?
Yes.
You don't like her because you were involved with Mr. Marsh before she came along.  Isn't that true?
No.
You don't like Miss Lawson much do you?
I've been to a few -- yes.
You've tried it?  Isn't it true that you've been in and out of Rehab centers for the last four years?
I've tried it.
Money isn't the only reason people commit murder, Miss Braslow.
I'm a practical woman Mr. Dulaney. Killing Andrew wasn't in my best interest.  As it is I'm out of a job and I'm not in his will.
I was jealous.  Of course I was hurt. He switched me off like a little toy he was finished playing with.  But I didn't kill him.
It must have been horrible.  Having to go there -- seeing them together - - knowing he was sleeping with her in the same bed he did with you.
Yes.
You're lying.  Marsh was wearing a cast on the tape.  It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson.  He dumped you for her, didn't he?
Yes, I slept with him but that was a long time ago.
I thought he was a kind, gentle man?
That bastard!
He video taped you.
Who told you that?
Yes.  I suppose it's possible.
Well, think about it.  Isn't it possible?
I don't know.  I'm not sure.
So, isn't it possible that he was confiding in you about the pain he was feeling about losing what might be his last chance for love?  That what he really was saying was that the uncertainty of her leaving was driving him crazy and if it didn't stop it was going to kill him.  That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it.
I suppose.
So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving.  That must cause tremendous anxiety. Sleepless nights.  Incredible stress.
Yes -- he mentioned it.
Didn't Mr. Marsh also tell you that Miss Lawson felt bored here and was thinking about going back to Chicago for awhile?
He said that if it kept up she was going to kill him.  That his heart couldn't take it.
Could you repeat the last part of what Mr. Marsh said to you the day before his death?
Yes--  It was on a Friday.  I remember because I was going to visit my sister for her birthday.  It would be October twenty-eighth.
Do you remember the date when you saw Miss Lawson in the bathroom?
What other kind of white powder do people keep in a vial?
How do you know it was cocaine that Miss Lawson had in the bathroom?
I was at the house one morning -- I thought Miss Lawson was upstairs with Mr. Marsh.  When I went into the guest bathroom she was standing in front of the mirror pouring this white powder out of a vial.
How do you know that?
Yes -- cocaine.
What about Miss Lawson?
No.
Did Mr. Marsh use drugs?
I wasn't lookin' through the keyhole if that's what you're thinking.  I'd come to house sometimes to pick up papers or speak to Andrew.  I'd find their little toys all over the place.
How do you know what kind of sex they had?
Andrew was a kind and gentle man, but he was thirty years older than her. Where's the attraction to sleep with someone like that -- to have the kind of sex they had.
If you don't know her that well what makes you think she's capable of murder?
I really don't know her that well. We would say hello to each other when I would come to the house, but that was about it.
I take it you don't like Miss Lawson very much?
I don't know.  It's incredible to think that anyone could be capable of doing that -- but if anyone could it would be Rebecca.
You don't really believe what the district attorney is saying about Miss Lawson, do you?
He did.  Look, I know you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink -- but you hold a pail of water in front of an old horse for long enough  -- and well...
What changed?
I worked for Mr. Marsh for six years. He was a good man -- until she came along.
Sorry.
I'm not asking for names or specifics.  I just want to know what prompted you to make the call?
You know I can't talk about that.
I need to ask you a question.  What made you get in touch with Joanne Braslow?
Frank -- what are you doing here?
Hi, Joe.
No further questions.
Yes.
Would it be fair to say that when she did find out it was a shock to her?
And she left shortly after that?
Yes.
And didn't Miss Lawson come home one day and find you in bed with your male lover?
Yes.
And your sexual tastes were something that you hid from Miss Lawson?
Yes.
Don't listen to him.  Can't you see he's trying to turn you against me.
How's it supposed to work Rebecca? You and Paley celebrate your victory. You get me over here and provoke a fight so he has to rush in and save you -- but then he's given himself away as your accomplice -- now he has to kill me.  After that I figure she'll tell the Police that you broke in.  That you were crazed because we humiliated you in court?
No -- he's lying.
Shoot him.
She's right, Paley.  You've got to kill me.  She doesn't have to -- she's free -- she can't be tried again -- but you, you planned it with her.  You supplied the Coke.  You're an accessory to murder.
Don't push me, Frank.  I might lose my temper and send it out just for spite.
I'm not leaving without that tape.
So, sue me.  Things have changed.  I think you should go home -- and after you leave I see no reason for us to ever have contact again.
That wasn't the deal.
I've been thinking about that.  I've decided to give it to you after I've collected the inheritance.  You can take that one if you want -- but there's another copy.
That's crazy.
You killed him.  You killed him -- and I got you off.
Frank -- It's Rebecca.  I need to see you right away.  I've got the tape.
Hello?
No -- I'm a survivor.
You're a monster.
You can think whatever you want, Frank -- but I didn't kill Andrew, and I'm not going to prison for something I didn't do.
No -- you're not.
I'm dropping the case.
I do need you.  No matter what you think of me -- I didn't do it.
You don't need anybody.
I knew you were thinking that.  I could see it in your eyes today in the courtroom.  You're wrong, Frank. I need you to believe that.
You killed him -- didn't you?
You're too weak, Frank.  When you want something you have to do what- ever it takes to get it.  If something gets in your way you remove it.
He was only doing what he thought was right.
Fuck him!  He tried to shatter mine.
Rebecca -- we shattered a man's life in open court.
To celebrate how masterfully you destroyed Roston today.
What's that for?
Are you scared?
What are you going you doing?
Tonight we open new doors.
Rebecca -- take these off.
Honey.
Sugar or honey?
What does that mean?  You've been thinking about the case?  Or you thought everything out before you killed Marsh?
Don't worry about Paley.  He can't touch me.  No one can.  I've thought it all out.
I'm glad you have such confidence in me.
I'm sure you'll be able to handle him.
Paley could be a problem tomorrow.
Something wrong?
You can see me now.
Can I see you later?
It's only the beginning.
You were brilliant today.
Of course.
Alone?
I went out on the boat.
I called you all weekend.  Where were you?
I don't know, Frank -- but don't you think that's something we should find out?
Why would she lie?
I don't use cocaine anymore.  If she says she saw me doing it she's lying.
No, I don't have to believe you.  The jury has to believe you and answers like he's lying or she's mistaken aren't going to convince them.
It isn't true.  You have to believe me.
That's not good enough, Goddamit!
She's mistaken.
I just left Joanne Braslow.  She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house!
What?
You lied to me!
You take a lot for granted.
There's nothing wrong in admitting that you want me, Frank.
No -- that's what I know you were thinking.
Is that what you think I was thinking?
You and me -- making love.
What would?
Yes -- it would be nice.
It's hard to let go of a dream, isn't it?  To let go of what you want?
I broke my ankle skating.  That ended that dream.
That seems so far away from who you are now.  What happened?
Yeah.
Really?
No -- I wanted to be a professional hockey player.
Did you always want to be a lawyer?
It won't be that hard.
It's going to be hard to convince a jury that he's testifying against you in a murder trial because you blew him off.
I hardly know him.  He wanted me and he couldn't have me.
Tell me about Doctor Paley?
It's okay.
Sorry.
Andrew loved this old cabin.  He always dreamed about moving to Tahiti -- living in a hut and becoming a beach-bum.  I could never imagine myself doing that -- but somehow when he talked about it, he made it sound so alive - - so wonderful.  Soft ocean breezes and beautiful sunsets -- leaving the world and it's problems behind.  I wish he'd had a chance to do it.
Yeah.
No -- not at the office.  I've got a better idea.
Great.  I'll see you at the office at nine.
Yes -- she did.
I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow.
Hi, Frank.
Hi.  It's Frank.
Hello?
Not true.  Shall I tell you what you were thinking?  You were wondering if I was wearing anything under my skirt.
Nothing.
Tastes can change.
It's not my taste.
That's not an answer.
Oh -- Well, they're different.
I'm the photographer.
I think the photographer's probably a voyeur.
What do you think?
No -- it just doesn't look right.
Is it against the law?
Because, I'm your attorney.  I shouldn't be going to your house.
Why not?
I know.
This is your house.
Sure.  Where to?
Can we get out of here?
Why didn't you live together?
We started talking.  In fact, we talked until four in the morning.  We discovered we shared a lot of the same interests.  After that we were together all the time until he left. He used to call me every night after he came back.  Then after a few weeks he invited me to come visit him. I've never left.
-- And then?
I was at a cocktail party.  Very trendy.  Andrew was in Chicago on business.  He had broken his wrist the week before and was wearing it in a sling.  He looked so helpless.
How'd you meet Marsh?
Because -- somehow the fruit always tasted that much sweeter because of the pain it took to get to it.
If you had what you wanted at home why did you sneak into their yard?
When I was growing up we had a strawberry patch in our backyard. So did this family down the road.  I used to sneak in their yard and steal their strawberries.  It wasn't easy. The stone walls were high and I'd scrape my knees as I climbed over. On the other side were wild rose bushes.  The thorns would dig into my legs and cut my thighs as I lowered myself down.
Try.
Because -- it's beyond intellect. It's emotion.  It's passion.  It has to be experienced -- it can't be imagined.
Why not?
I don't know if it's something I can explain to you.
How?
Yes.
As it pertains to you -- not me.  Did you always know you had different... tastes?
I thought the subject was sex?
I think we're getting a little off the subject here.
We're not animals.
Something like that.
No pain, no gain?
Have you ever seen animals make love, Mr. Dulaney?  They have such passion -- such savage emotion.  They struggle, and snarl, and claw, but neither hurts the other.  Not really.
I am who I am.  I can't deny it, anymore than you can deny who you are.  I like sex different -- I like it wild.  That's not a crime.  I loved Andrew.  We made love together.  We made it differently, but we still made love.  It was our way.  It was private -- and now the whole world wants to look in through the pretense of justice.  If I was some middle-aged divorcee who screwed him once a week do you think this would be happening to me?
Those same men will be sitting on the jury.
I'm used to being on the outside looking in.  The same men who will publicly profess their moral outrage for my sexual tastes are the same ones who privately rest their sweaty little hands on my legs and talk about weekend trips together.
This is a very small town -- people here have very straight views on sex.
Andrew hardly needed leading.  He was a very passionate man.  He was eager to explore.  I gave him what he wanted.  We fulfilled each others needs.
I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty.  Your sex life is going to be dragged through the mud.  They're going to say that you enticed Marsh -- led him down a dark path.
I'll have you out in a few hours.
Frank!
You still haven't answered my question.
He'll file.  He's an ambitious man. Ambitious men build their careers on the bodies of others.
You're assuming the District Attorney is going to file charges.
And that's exactly what the jury will see when they look at me.  That's why I need a very good lawyer, Mr. Dulaney.
Not a very good one I'm afraid.
You must have some feeling.  Some immediate impression.  A young, attractive woman, involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will.  And the things that went on in that house.  Such wild sex.  What kind of picture does that paint?
I don't know.  That's why I'm asking you.
Do you think I did it?
There are no charges against you. I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur.  Did you kill him?
Are you going to represent me?
She's waiting in the conference room.
Alright, I'll talk to her
Well, I guess that makes you the best.  Look, Frank -- she stands to inherit three million dollars.  As executors of the estate and her attorneys that could generate a lot of legal fees for us.  All I'm asking you to do is talk to her.
Raymond, I'm the only criminal attorney you have.
Because I told her you were the best criminal attorney we have.
Why?
I know -- but she wants you to represent her if Cardenas files.
I'm supposed to be on vacation.
We've already got press arriving from over the country and she hasn't even been charged yet. Cardenas wants to see her in his office tomorrow at ten.  I'd like you to go with her.
Andrew Marsh was a very wealthy man. A trial like this is going to put Cardenas in the spot-light.
I gotta go.  I'll call you later.
I know what day it is!  Get off the phone.
-- But it's Sunday.
Because I'm expecting a call.
Why?
Michael -- get off the phone.
I love you too, Dad.
I love you.
Is Mom yelling at you too?
Well, that's kind of how I am right now.
Yeah.
You know how it is sometimes when you're out playing ball with your friends?  How you're really concentrating on what you're doing -- and you lose track of time and you come home late and Mom yells at you?
She allegedly humped him to death?
Hey, you know better than that.  What did I teach you to say when someone is accused of doing something?
The kids at school say she humped Mr. Marsh to death.
What are they saying?
You better.  Please answer the question.
I can back it up.
Are you able to back up this allegation -- or are you fishing?
Your Honor -- the prosecution has introduced cocaine as one of the contributing reasons Mr. Marsh died. How it may have been introduced into the household is of vital importance.
How often do you use cocaine?
Miss Braslow, I'd like to remind you that you are still under oath.
Mr. Roston?
The witness will answer the question.
Mr. Cardenas, I suggest you move on to another line of questioning.
Objection.  The witness has already stated that Miss Lawson left without an explanation.
That's it, Mr. Dulaney.  Take a seat.
But Your Honor--
Maybe you don't know what it's like where Mrs. Crawford comes from -- but I do.  I came from a neighborhood just like hers.  This is a whole other world for her.  She's a poor working woman who has been thrust into a room full of highly educated and mostly unsympathetic people.  So, she puts on her best dress, fixes her hair and tries to present herself as intelligently as possible.  Being poor and having pride is not a crime, Mr. Dulaney -- and before you attempt to impeach another witness' testimony in my courtroom -- your foundations better be based on something other than semantics.
No, Your Honor.
Mr. Dulaney, before you cast aspersions on the District Attorney's Office by suggesting they've coaxed this witness to say things that aren't true -- you better have more than a hunch.  Do you?
"Discourteous insinuations about his sexual abilities."  Who told you to say that?
Do it quickly, Mr. Dulaney.
Is this what you want -- huh?  Is it?
Frank -- stop it!  Stop it!
I don't want our lives ruined because of this.  I love you, Frank.  I want this to work -- but you have to help me.  You have to come back from where ever it is you are.
You think that's the answer?  Sex? Is that what you want?  You want me to make love to you?
It was a place to start.
It's more involved than that.
You used to like to touch me -- to make love to me.
I don't know.
Why didn't you come to me?
Please -- not now.
We can't pretend this isn't happening.
You wouldn't like what you'd see. You don't know me anymore.  I don't know me anymore.
Talk to me.
I know.
Maybe it would be a good idea if you just took Michael.
I was thinking that when the trial is over we'd all go skiing for a weekend.
It's bad enough that you are.  It's even worse that you can stand here and lie to me.
No.
You're sleeping with her, aren't you?
I'm not.
This isn't a courtroom.  Don't try to turn this around on me.
Because I knew you'd think exactly what you're thinking.
Why did you lie to me?
Yes.
Charlie called at eleven thirty looking for you.  You were with her, weren't you?
Working.  Charlie and I were going over some statements.
Where have you been?
Sharon, it's late.  Can we get to the point?
That's what I was hoping you'd tell me.
What's wrong?
We have to talk.
Yeah -- what are you doing up?
Yeah -- fine.  Excuse me.  I'll be right back.
Is that alright, Frank?
No one's asking you not to work.  I just think you could make some time for your son.
Because I go to trial in seven weeks. I've got a lot of preparing to do.
Why don't you talk to him now?
I'll talk to him later.
Frank -- I know you're busy, but Michael asked me after dinner if you were angry with him.  He wanted to know why you weren't talking to him.
I can think of worse ways to go--
Yes.
Humped
Yeah -- but can she cook?
She sounds like quite a woman.
Attractive.  Bright.  Distant. Charming when she wants to be.
What's she like?
I don't know yet.  I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow.
If he files are you going to take the case?
He must have something or he wouldn't be pressing so hard.
How can Cardenas possibly think he can build a case against two consenting adults?
Some example you set.
I swear -- the both of you.  Some example you set.
He could let you have your vacation.
I know.  What can I do?  He is the boss.
We're supposed to go to the lake.
Hello?... Hi Raymond.... What?... Well, I was sort of planning on... Alright... Okay, goodbye.  That was Sattler.  He thinks the D.A.'s going to file on Rebecca Lawson.  He wants me in the office tomorrow morning.
No -- it has to be done by tomorrow.
Can't it wait?
I'm always open to learning new things.
If you want me to.
And I suppose you're going to show me how to relax?
Really.
Really?
This is not relaxing.
I am relaxing.
You're on vacation, remember?  You're supposed to be relaxing.
Daddy -- stop it!
Let me go!  Godammit, Frank let go!
Sorry.
Don't use language like that at the dinner table.
Not even if they're a dork.  You should go by and see how he's feeling.
Not even if they're a dork?
Michael, you shouldn't be happy when someone else isn't feeling well.
No, it's not.  Now I get to pitch.
That's too bad.
Albert's got the stomach flu.
It didn't get there from me.
It had to get there somehow.
No -- never.
Did Marsh use it?
Six thirty -- and he was very much alive.
What time did you leave?
Yes.
We have a witness who saw you go into the house at four thirty.
I didn't know that Andrew was dead until Mr. Sattler called me at home that night.
I said NO!
Well, I can help.
Well, there's a lot of boring stuff to do. Lists of people we have to write to. Find mama's relatives addresses in Italy -- stuff like that.
I don't mind waiting.
Why are there two deeds here?
It's a beautiful picture of her.
Doesn't matter. Move on.
Maybe it's an Italian thing. Their mother was Italian.
We're not doing it! I'm not even sure it's Christian.
Not to mention people driving over her and doggies doing their business --
Well, no one in my family did! Dad bought cemetery plots at Oak Ridge. One for him, one for mom.
My Jewish friend's grandmother did.
I simply can not stand that tone!
Oh Jesus.
You said it in that tone! Like you were angry at me, my brother, at the world for forcing you to eat a nice lunch!
SO!
Well, why don't I just say black so you can say white!  Don't be surprised to find your brother hasn't changed an iota. He hardly ever talks and when he does it's in that tone! You should have heard him at lunch -- not two words until the bill came and then he says, "Worth every penny."
It's not that long.
Well, that's a long time.
We were here two Christmases ago.
Boy. It sure has been a long time.
Then we should have had lunch at the bank.
Michael doesn't understand. People who make the kind of money my brother makes don't carry money on them. They keep it all in various accounts.
I nearly died when we split the bill.
No, we just had lunch at the hotel with my brother and his new wife. She told me all the dirt. I forgot how interesting things can get around here. It was so good to see them. The last time we visited they were in Europe. He is doing so well. He ordered champagne. For lunch! I nearly died.
No. You can have them.
Carolyn -- you want these candlesticks?
Aw, Betty.
I do not need instructions from you to bathe!  I knew you'd do this! I knew I'd come all the way here and be shut out as usual! I came to be here for you! I didn't have to come!  Lord knows I was never much welcome in this house before. Apparently dead or alive, nothing's changed.
No.
No treasure maps, huh?
Oh, just a old letter from a friend.
Mr. Peterson, are you sure mama wrote all this?
How bizarre!
I know. I don't understand it either.
Eeeww!
I'm sure you haven't done anything. Have some iced tea. How are the kids?
I am so sick and tired of apologizing and not knowing what I've done!
You're right -- that is sick.
What about me! I feel really weird. Like she cheated on me, not dad. Isn't that sick? I don't mean I wanted to sleep with her or anything but -- ya know -- being the only son. You're sort of made to feel like you're the prince of the kingdom, ya know? And in the back of your mind, you kind of think your mother doesn't need sex anymore because she has you.
-- for over twenty years because that's what I was taught -- you stick with it! Normal people don't get divorced. I can't remember the last time my husband made love to me so intensely that he transported me to Europe, for Christ's sake -- quite frankly, I don't think he ever did! And now I find out in between bake sales, my mother was Anais Nin!
Carolyn!
What gets me is I'm 46 years old. I've been in this crummy fucking marriage -
Only about a thousand times. What do I do now? "What's good enough for mom is good enough for me?"
Did we want to?
Everything was during Betty. God we were so young. Why did we think we had to do it all so fast? I've never cheated on Betty. Not once we were married, I mean.
Was this during Betty?
Nobody did.
I never knew that.
Not officially. Her and Steve Kendall were pinned at birth. But I was crazy about her. And for about three months, I managed to catch her during her "exploring" stage.
You never dated Kathy Reynolds!
I used to love this place. I used to take Kathy Reynolds down here.
I think I better. Between the book and the coffee, I'm this close to raping the busboy.
Not yet. You want to go?
Boy. All these years I've resented not living the wild life in some place like Paris and all the time I could've moved back to Iowa... Are you drunk?
I bet mom could've helped her.
You mean -- she didn't like sex?
He remarried. Apparently they were having an affair for years. Apparently the first Mrs. Delaney was a bit of a stiff.
Yeah. But I thought she died.
I found out who Lucy Delaney is.  Remember the Delaneys from Hillcrest Road?
Have you called Betty?  Maybe you should.
Bar across the street.
And do what? Live alone? Go back to school? Find someone else? Start a magazine for confused woman? ... What if I can't do any of those things?
Then why do you?
Oh, don't feel sorry for me. Please. No one's forcing me to stay.
I had no idea it's gotten that bad, sis.
I don't think so. Not yet anyway. And besides, something like that doesn't make you a bad person. He reminds me of Steve in a way. Steve's weak, immoral and a liar but he's still a real nice guy. He just shouldn't be married.  At least not to me. You getting hungry? I'm hungry.
Nice? He's trying to sleep with somebody's wife.
Oh, he did not. He's such a nice guy.
He's getting her drunk. That's what happened. Jesus, maybe he forced himself. That's why she couldn't tell us.
STOP IT!  I want to read them! If you don't want to, then just leave. But don't you push me around like I'm some mule you paid for -- I already GOT A HUSBAND!
No. We're going to lock this up and --
Well, I'd like to read them.
This is crazy. She waits till she's dead to tell us all this. Well, I got news for you. She was my mother. That's enough for me. I don't have to know who she was.
What are you doing?
That's it!
"... It's all there in the three notebooks. Read them in order. If you don't want to, I suppose that's okay too. But in that case I want you to know something -- I never stopped loving your father. He was a very good man. It's just that my love for Robert was different. He brought out something in me no one had ever brought out before, or since. He made me feel like a woman in a way few women, maybe more, ever experience..."
Grateful!?
Sshhh. "After going through the safety deposit box, I'm sure you'll find you're way to this letter. It's hard to write this to my own children. I could let this die with the rest of me, I suppose.  But as one gets older, one fears subside. What becomes more and more important is to be known -- known for all that you were during this brief stay. Row said it seems to me to leave this earth without hose you love the most ever really knowing who you were. It's easy for a mother to love her children no matter what -- it's something that just happens. I don't know if it's as simple for children. You're all so busy being angry at us for raising you wrong. But I thought it was important to give you that chance. To give you the opportunity to love me for all that I was..."
I can't believe she's making jokes.
No, I don't think so. I --
How did she meet him? Did Dad know? Anything else in that envelope?
I can't believe she never told me? We spoke at least once a week. How could she do that?
Well, what am I supposed to think?
Don't say that!
Don't talk to me like that. She was my mother for Christsakes. And now I find out she was... She was a --!
My Lord. It must feel real nice living inside your head with Peter Pan and the Easter Bunny.
This happened way before we both got married. I... I can't believe it.  You think she had sex with him?
I don't know. I'm completely in the dark here. That's what I get for moving away.
Wait a minute! That was thirty years after daddy. Do you think...?
'82.
DAMN HIM! I knew mama wouldn't have thought of that herself. It was some damn perverted... photographic mind influencing her! When did the bastard die?
That he be cremated and his ashes thrown on Roseman Bridge.
What?
That would be some trick. He's already dead. That's what this other letter is.  From his attorney. He left most of his things to mama and requested... 
Robert! Jesus! I'll kill him.
Well, he just gets on about how if mama ever needed him, she could find him through the National Geographic magazine. He as a photographer. He promises not to write again. Then all it says is...  I love you... Robert.
What's he saying now?
Goddamn sonofabitch! I don't want to hear anymore! Sonofabitch! Burn the damn thing! I don't want to hear it! Throw it away!
"-- going over and over in my mind every detail, every moment of our time together and I ask myself, "What happened to me in Madison County?" I struggle to put it together in a way that allows me to continue knowing we're on separate roads. But then I look through the lens of my camera, and you're there. I start to write an article and I find myself writing it to you. It's clear to me now we have been moving towards each other, towards those four days, all our lives --
Come here a minute.
What?!
Michael.
Yeah.
Well, I don't care if it's legal or not, we're not cremating her and throwing her all over some bridge where we can't even go visit her because she's going to be blown all over the place like an ashtray.
I remember a Mrs. Delaney but Mama told me years ago she died.
What problem?
Well, there's a problem.
I thought everything WAS arranged.
He's not coming.
He dropped them off at Betty's mom. Where's Steve?
I have some sandwich fixings if you're hungry.
Lawyer here?
Mom's orders.
Explain to me again why we didn't do this in Des Moines in an air conditioned office?
She changed.
No. What a tragedy. What happened?
My niece had "the changes" when she was thirty-one.
She used to be so friendly.
Oh, yes.
She's changed.
I'd laugh first then I'd kill them. Make sure they heard me laughing.
I'd kill him. Him and that Redfield woman. Together. First one then the other. And then I'd laugh.
See. Money don't buy happiness. I must say, she's taking it well.
No, what?
Mrs. Delaney.  Did you hear the latest?
Don't talk about what you don't know. Besides, she's too young for "the changes."
Well, I didn't know they was a secret club.
What do you know about "the changes"?
Oh, shut up! It's the woman who's in control of these situations. Men don't know which end is up till a woman points.
Well, nobody put a gun to his head.
I'll get right on it.
Heat is not heat! There's different kinds! And this heat is much hotter than what they got in Michigan. You go and call your brother and see if he don't say the same thing.
Heat is heat.
Not this kind of heat.
They got heat in Michigan.
Oh, this heat! Times like this I wish we took that offer from your brother and moved on up to Michigan.
Oh, that'll be nice.
No, leave it. I'll do it later. Listen, maybe you and Floyd can come for dinner on Saturday. I'm sure Richard'll have so many stories to tell you both about the fair and all.
No, of course not. I'll just clean up.
No, no. I just didn't sleep well. I'm not used to sleeping alone. And this heat. Would you mind?
You want me to call the doctor?
I don't know. I woke up a little dizzy. I didn't sleep well. I think I need to lay down.
Oh, honey. I'm so sorry. But you've got to be grateful for even feeling the little you've be given. Believe me. Go to him. Don't let him leave without these new precious hours you've got left. And if you need anyone to cry on, you know where I am.
Madge. Please. Something's happened. I've met someone. I've fallen in love in a way I've never thought could happen my entire life. It's our last day together. I feel like I'm going to die when he leaves. Please. Help me.
Hi. I made some brown betty. I sent Floyd off to town with the boy. I said -  "Floyd, I'm going to visit my girlfriend and spend the afternoon and that's all there is to it. He said who's going to make lunch? I said I'm taking a sick day. Eat at the dinner." Isn't that hilarious?  He didn't dare raise an eyebrow -- I don't even want to tell you how late he was out last night with those good for nothings from the Sandford ranch. I am so sorry, honey, I let two days pass before I came by, but with the boy home the time just escapes me. Have you heard from Richard? How's the fair? God, it's hot.
Madge?
Robert, if that happens, you'll have to decide. I won't be able to.
I CAN'T SAY GOODBYE YET! We'll leave it for now. We're not saying goodbye. We're not making any decision. Maybe you'll change your mind. Maybe we'll accidentally run into each other and ... and you'll change your mind.
No. Don't do this.
I'm going to be here a few more days. I'll be at the Inn. We have some time. Let's not say any more now.
I don't know. Please...
I want to keep it forever. I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life. Don't you understand -- we'll lose it if we leave. I can't make an entire life disappear to start a new one. All I can do is try to hold onto to both. Help me. Help me not lose loving you.
But now that you have it -
Robert. Please.  You don't understand -- no one does. When a woman makes the choice to marry, to have children -- in one way her life begins but in another way it stops. You build a life of details. You become a mother, a wife and you stop and stay steady so that your children can move. And when they leave they take your life of details with them. And then you're expected move again only you don't remember what moves you because no one has asked in so long. Not even yourself. You never in your life think that love like this can happen to you.
TO HELL WITH YOU!
We are the choices we've made, Robert.
Francesca, listen to me. You think what's happened to us happens to just anybody? What we feel for each other? How much we feel? We're not even two separate people anymore. Some people search their whole lives for it and wind up alone -- most people don't even think it exists and you're going to tell me that giving it up is the right thing to do? That staying here alone in a marriage, alone in a town you hate, in a house you don't feel apart of anymore -- you're telling me that's the right thing to do!?
No matter how much distance we put between us and this house, I bring with it with me. And I'll feel it every minute we're together. And I'll blame loving you for how much it hurts. And then even these four days won't be anything more than something sordid and... a mistake.
Yeah. It could get better.
You've got to know deep down that the minute we leave here. It'll all change.
What about us? What about me?
No, they don't say much. But Carolyn's 16. She's just about to find out about all this for herself -- she's going to fall in love, she's going to try and figure out how to build a life with someone. If I leave what does that say to her?
The kids are grown! They don't need you anymore. You told me that. They hardly talk to you.
His family's lived for almost a hundred years. Richard doesn't know how to live anywhere else. And the kids...
Then he can move! People move!
For anyone. They'll never be able to live through the talk. Richard will never be able to. He doesn't deserve that. He hasn't hurt anyone in his life.
For who?
No matter how I keep turning it around in my mind -- it doesn't seem like the right thing.
What makes it different, Robert?
If I've done anything to make you think that what's happened between us is nothing new for me -- is some routine -- then I do apologize.
WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH IT?
BECAUSE I CAN'T HAVE YOU!
WHY?
I DON'T WANT TO NEED YOU!
You won't be made to feel! Period. You've carved out this little part for yourself in the world where you get to be a voyeur, a hermit and a lover whenever you feel like it and the rest of us are just supposed to feel so incredibly grateful for the brief time you've touched our lives! Well, go to hell! It isn't human not to feel lonely -- it isn't human not to afraid! You're a hypocrite and you're a phony!
I won't be made to feel like I've done something wrong.
No one's asking you to!
I told you! I won't apologize for who I am.
Fine. More eggs or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?
STOP IT!
I don't want you to say anything. I don't need you to say anything.
What do you want me to say?
You have no idea what you've done to me, do you? And after you leave, I'm going to have to wonder for the rest of my life what happened here. If anything happened at all! And I'll have to wonder if you find yourself in some... housewife's kitchen in Romania if you'll sit there and tell her about your world of good friends and secretly include me in that group.
Stop it!
I know you! What can this possibly mean to anyone who doesn't "need" meaning -  "Who goes with the Mystery" -- who pretends he isn't scared to death.
How do you know what I experience?
Gee, I don't know. I guess I'm not cut out to be a World Citizen who experiences everything and nothing at the same time.
What are you doing?
Yes. Absolutely. You have this habit of not needing and that it's hard to break. I understand.  Of course, in that case, why sleep -- you don't need rest or for that matter eat, you don't need food.
I was honest with you. I told you who I was.
To do what? Be with someone who needs everyone and no one in particular? I mean, what would be the point. Would you pass the butter?
Well, why is that up to me? You're the one who's married. You told me you have no intention of leaving your husband.
Well, what is this?
Routine! I don't have a routine. And if you think that's what this is -
Well, I just want to know the procedure. I don't want to upset your routine. Do you want any jam?
I... What do you want?
Well, these... women friends of yours... all over the world. How does it work? Do you see some of them again? Do you forget others? Do you write them now and then? How do you manage it?
What?
Good. More coffee?  Robert, I hope you don't mind my asking, but I feel like I should.
Yes, thanks.
Sleep all right?
No.
Am I too heavy for you?
Long day. Go to sleep.
I don't know why I'm so tired all of a sudden.
Across the street. She went into the park and got turned around and didn't know her way out.
Where was she?
You're right, you know. We don't have much time.
Uh-huh. And?
Just that it's been a perfect day and that I'd like to skip my fancy dessert and go home after this.
You're somewhere else, where?
Try and live a lifetime before Friday. Cram it all in. 
What?
I can't do this, honey.
What were your parents like?
I had a temper.
I just wondered. Why were you trouble?
Trouble. Why?
What were you like when you were younger?
No, I don't mind.
But you don't mind.
Because I already tried once.
Why do you say that?
No. I couldn't.
I bet you could do a book.
He's a genius. They're not photographs -- they're stories, entire histories captured in moments.
On that one is beautiful. Look at their expressions. As if the camera weren't on them at all. As if they had no strength left to hide what they were feeling.
I sat there once. It was hot. Like today. I'd been shopping. I had all these bags around my feet I kept having to move every time the waiter came by...
Near the church.
Where? Near the doorway or the near the front of the church?
I sat outside and had coffee.
And arraccinos and zeppolis. Yes! I know it!
Nobody's asking you to.
Why!? Because, I'm having thoughts I hardly know what to do with. I... can't seem to... stop them.
Why?
I just feel like I'm getting a little ... out of control that's all. It's kind of frightening.
It's okay. It's not that hot anymore. Thanks God.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know that little place nearby with the striped awning that sells sandwiches and little pizzas...
Yes.
Have you ever been to that station?
Yes. Tell me about the day you got off the train.
How about Bari?
Yes.
How about Italy?
Right now. Tell me someplace you've been -- someplace on the other side of the world. Anywhere but here.
What?
Take me somewhere.
No.
Are you hungry?
You want to eat something?
No. I can't. Not yet.
Are you comfortable?  Do you... want to move to the bedroom?
Yes, that'd be nice.
Would you like a beer for your bath?
Sure.
How about if I set the table?
Actually, no. I've got everything under control. I'd like to clean up myself a bit. I'm going to take a bath. Dinner'll be ready in about a half hour.
Can I help?
Couple. Want to help?
Fine. They're all having a good time. How many more shots do you have?
Oh, how is he?
Sorry I'm late. Richard called.
I want you to come.
Yeah?
I understand.  That's very kind of you.
I now know more about their affair than I remember about my marriage.  Francesca, the last thing I want to do is put you in any kind of situation that would... even though we know it's just -- I mean, it's nothing like that, but if anybody saw us or... 
I think he's running for town crier next year.
The cashier at the general store was very dangerous.
Oh. I guess you got the whole story.
I uh... I had lunch in town today. Happened to cross paths with "that Redfield woman." I apologize. I thought you were half-joking about that.
Oh.
Listen, don't take this the wrong way but, I'm wondering if this is such a good idea.
Oh, hi. Look, I'm running a little late, but I'll still...
It's Robert.
Yeah. See you later.
Okay. See you later.
No. I'll drive myself. I have a few errands. I'll meet you there.
I'll pick you up.
Oh, sure. Great.
Listen, I have to shoot Cedar Bridge until a little after sunset. I want a few night shots. Would you like to come with me? If you're interested...
Wonderful. Uh...
I would love to come for dinner.
The light was fading. Huh-huh.
I'm sorry I didn't call sooner, but I just read your note. I stuffed it into my pocket. The light was fading and I had to get my shot.
No. I was just... No.
Am I interrupting anything?
Yes! Hi.
Francesca?
... I feel like something's been spoiled now.
No, no. Forgive me. I made a mistake. It was an inappropriate thing to ask.
Listen, I'm sorry I --
I already apologized.
I thought we were just having a conversation. You seem to be reading all this meaning into it. Meanings I must be too simple to, uh... interpret or something.
I thought that's what we were doing -- asking questions.
What made you ask such a question?
My mistake. I apologize.
Do you want to leave your husband?
Just because someone chooses to settle down and have a family doesn't necessarily mean they're hypnotized. Just because I've never seen a gazelle stampede doesn't mean I'm asleep in the world.
I'm a little sick of this American Family Ethic everyone seems to be hypnotized by in this country. I guess you think I'm just some poor displaced soul doomed to roam the earth without a self-cleaning oven and home movie.
No, I'm just saying --
That's not what you're saying. I know it's not the same. What you're saying is, it's not as good. Or it's not as normal or proper.
But it's not the same.
No. But I love them just the same.
But no one in particular.
I told you, I love other people.
But -- how can you just live for what you want? What about other people?
Not everybody's supposed to have a family.
Do you ever regret not having a family?
No.
Do you ever regret it? The divorce, I mean.
I embrace Mystery. I don't know what's coming. And I don't mind.
Why doesn't it scare you?
No, I think I need everyone! I love people. I want to meet them all! I just think there are too many out there saying "This is mine." or "She's mine." Too many lines have been drawn. World's breaking apart because of man's weakness for some testosterone conquests over territory and power and people. He wants control over what deep down he knows he has no control over whatsoever and it scares him silly.
You really don't need anyone?
I'm a loner, I'm not a monk.
Woman friends, too?
Never touch the stuff. I've got friends all over the world. Good friends I can see when I want, if I want.
You must get lonely at times.
I never got lost. For some reason, I'm more at home everywhere than at one place. So I decided I'll think of myself as some kind of world citizen. I belong everywhere and nowhere. I'm kin to everyone, and no one in particular. See, once you get into the habit of not needing anyone, it's kind of hard to break.
So what happened?
Not at all. I wasn't around much... So why did I get married? Well, I thought it was a good idea at the time. Have a home base. Roots. You can get lost moving around so much.
Do you mind if I... ask you why you got divorced?
We're not doing anything wrong, do you.
What?
Francesca?
Yes.
Are you all right?
What?
Francesca?
No. I'll do them later.
You sure you won't let me help you with those dishes?
I'd appreciate it. I like knowing who I'm stealing from. If you can't create art I think the least you can do is recognize it around you, don't you think? There is...  ... so much beauty.
Umm, I don't know. I can look it up.
This "... Of what I call God and fools can Nature." Who wrote that?
What?
You've got it all right here, you know. It's just as beautiful as any other place I've seen. God, it knocks me out.
No. I'm all right. It's working.
You want to go back in?
When?
You get used to it.
Smells like dirt.
No, you rub it on you. I have some in the truck. Don't go away.
You drink bug repellent?
Have no fear. This Shoshone Medicine Woman taught me how to make bug repellent tea out of tree root.
Well, it's kind of buggy out there.
They have safaris for tourists now. Maybe you can convince your husband.
My God. How I'd love to see that.
This is your home. It's not nowhere. And it's not dull.
No. It's all right. I just meant, it might be a little dull for you, telling all this to some housewife in the middle of nowhere.
I'm sorry. That was...
You're asking a man if he's too tired to talk about himself? You don't get out much, do you?
I don't know. I've never thought about it... what was the most exciting place you've ever been to? Unless you're tired of talking about it.
Do you miss it?
My children. And Richard didn't like my working.
Why did you stop?
I'd like to think so. I know one of them went on to Medical school.
And did you?
Well, let's just call it a compliment and move on.  Did you love teaching?
I didn't mean that the way it sounded.
I don't think you're normal.
No. I wouldn't say that. National Geographic isn't exactly the hub of artistic inspiration. They like their wild life in focus and without any personal comment. I don't mind really. I'm not artist. I'd faced that a long time ago. It's the course of being well-adjusted. I'm too normal.
You sound like an artist.
I don't know if obsessions have reasons. I think that's why they're obsessions.
Why, do you think?
I'm kind of obsessed by it, actually.
"Making pictures." I like that. You really love what you do, don't you?
Nah. I've tried. My writing's too technical, I think. Problem of being a journalist too long is you stop giving yourself permission to invent. I better just stick to making pictures.
You ought to write these stories down.
Oh you!
We got engaged.
Then what happened?
It's still a very sensitive memory for me.
Oh my God...  You're blushing.
She starts sniffing me.
What?
Okay.
Sure. Men cook. We don't all eat bananas with our feet, ya know.
Help cook?
That's very nice of you. I don't get many dinner invitations on the job. It would be a welcome change. Thanks.
Would you like to stay for dinner?  There aren't many choices in town and ... anyway, you'd have to eat alone. So would I.
You have no reason to feel ashamed. You haven't said anything you don't have a right to. And if anybody tells you different -- you just send them to me.
But I... We don't even know each other.
Why? You uncorked a bottle. From what I can tell, I got here just in time. Any later and you'd have made the front page, running down Main Street naked, smoking Camels out of your butt.
I feel so embarrassed.
I better go. You sure you're all right?  It's been a pleasure. Sincerely.
I think so.
Is the dizziness gone?
Much.
Feeling better?
Yes. Very clean.
And clean.
No. I mean yes, he's clean but he's also other things. He's a very hard worker. Very honest. Very caring. Gentle. Good father.
Clean?
He's very... clean.
What's he like?
Richard was in the army. I met him while I was living in Naples. I didn't know where Iowa was. I only cared that it was America. And of course, being with Richard.
Italy to Iowa? I'd call that a change.
Why?
I doubt that.
I guess. Except I'm one of the people it frightens.
Everything does. One of the laws of nature. People are always so afraid of change. But if you look at it like it's something you can count on happening, it's actually a comfort. Not many things you can count on for sure.
Must be nice having kids.
Oh. Michael's 17 and Carolyn's 16.
No, your kids.
About a year and a half.
Oh. How old?
My husband took the kids to the Illinos State Fair. My daughter's entering a prize steer.
As long as it takes, I might stay a week. No more I don't think. Where's your family?
And how long are you here for?
A little place with cabins. The something-Motor Inn. I haven't checked in yet.
Where are you staying while you're here?
I thought it was funny.
I'm so sorry about that. It was rude. I think I just got nervous for some reason.
Sure you want to keep those in the house?
Not at all.
Mind if I smoke?
Sure.
Lemon?
Francesca. Robert.
Francesca.
Well, thank you for all your help, Mrs. Johnson.
Sure.
Want another cigarette?
Oh, that's nice.
I found this Chicago station before. Wait a minute...  Here it is.
Looking for something in particular? There's not much of a selection.
No, I'm not.  I don't know why I said that. I've been in a very... strange mood all day. I've never done anything like that before. It's... I'm just...  Well, you know, the whole world is just going nuts.
Are you by nature a sadistic person?
WHAT!
No, not at all --  except those are poisonous.
Men sill give women flowers, don't they? I mean, as a sign of appreciation? I'm not that out of date, am I?
Oh! You caught me.
Oh there you are.
Would you do me a favor and go to the truck? Inside that leather bag with the pockets is a package of lens cleaners. Would you grab me one?
This time of year.
I don't mind waiting.
This won't take long. I'm shooting tomorrow morning. I just need to do some prep work.
Yeah.
Long.  You just got off the train and stayed without knowing anyone there?
So, how long you've been living here?
Yeah. Excuse me a sec.
You just... got off the train because it looked pretty?
Oh, yeah. Actually, I had an assignment in Greece and I had to go through Bari to get the boat at Brindisi. But it looked so pretty I got off and stayed for a few days. Breathtaking country.
No, really?
Oh yeah, Bari. I've been there.
Small town on the Eastern side no one's ever heard of called Bari.
Well, from Italy to Iowa -- that's a story!  Whereabouts in Italy?
No, I don't mind. I'm not from here. I was born in Italy.
You don't look like a native, if you don't mind my saying so.
Uh... uh...  Umm... long time.
How long you been married?
Oh.
After the divorce.
Oh. When did you move back?
Uh-huh. Lived there till I was twenty or so and then moved to Chicago when I got married.
Are you from Washington originally?
That must be it. It's a great smell.
Maybe it's because I live here.
I can't describe it. I think it's from the loam in the soil. This very rich, earthy kind of... alive... No. No, that's not right. Can you smell it?
No.
There's a wonderful smell about Iowa -- very particular to this part of the country. Do you know what I mean?
Hmm-mmm.
Pretty country.
No. I was just going to have some iced tea then split the atom, but that can wait.  I just have to get my shoes.
If I'm not taking you away from anything.
Oh, terrific. Which way?
Well, you're pretty close. It's only about two miles from here.
That's it.
Roseman Bridge?
Yeah.
Are you supposed to be in Iowa?
I'm very sad but Richard said that since it's Cary Grant, he completely understands. I'm also taking Mrs. Delaney away from this town. She'll be living with Cary and I in Beverly Hills.
What about your husband?
I said to him Cary you're being ridiculous. You're more than half her age. He said no one had ever been that honest with him and he falls in love with me.
What about his engagement to Dyan Cannon?
Yes. And I've accepted.
Mrs. Johnson! Mrs. Johnson! Is it true Cary Grant has proposed to you?
I just want to say... I know you had your own dreams. I'm sorry I couldn't give them to you. I love you so much.
Hmm?
Franny?
Okay.
Hmm. How about that brown sugar meat loaf you make?
Want anything special for dinner?
It's only four days.
I'm going to miss you.
I'm positive.
Frannie.
"I had forgotten this. I had somehow remembered it being more his fault, his decision. Then I remembered we made love in that field before we left for home. And I remembered it was my idea. I remembered tearing his shirt and biting his body, hoping he would kidnap me. I had forgotten that too. And I wondered, as I sat there... how many other things I'd forgotten."
I'm not sick, Richard. I'm just not tired, now go back to sleep before you're up for the whole night too!
Again? Maybe you should see a doctor.
I can't sleep.
Now?!  It's after eleven.
I'm not tired. I thought I might finish Carolyn's skirt.
Where you going?
Later. Go back to sleep.
What time is it?
Well you should all go to bed early. I'll do the cleaning up.
'Bout 4:30.
Sure.
I don't know. Can we turn it off? I have such a headache.
Kinda pretty. Is this uh... jazz kinda singing?
It's a Chicago station. I found it the other day.
Yes. I'm fine. It's just this heat I think.
You feeling better Franny?
Isn't that nice? You should bring her home to meet us!
Well, she's... she's real pretty and ... and she's got a cute shape... she's a good sport, ya know, for laughs and  ... she loves fried chicken wings and beer.
Well, what's nice about her? Tell us!
Uh... Yeah. Yeah. She's real nice.
Okay.
What's she like?
Betty.
What's her name?
Okay.
Nah.
Are you seeing Betty tonight?
Yes, they are.
They're not going to find her!
About an hour ago.
I don't remember!
Think for a second. Is there someplace she said she wanted to go?
I was paying the check. She ran outside. I told her to wait for me right here! Oh God, where is she? Rebecca!
What happened?
Oh my God...!
Who the hell is Lucy Delaney?
Well, it was notarized, and witnessed by a Mrs. Lucy Delaney. Maybe you can ask her.
WHAT!
Well, she was very specific. She wanted her ashes to be thrown over Roseman Bridge.
I don't care what it says! Maybe Mama was delirious, you know. She didn't know what she was saying. If she wanted to be cremated, why the hell did she let dad buy two plots, huh?
It clearly states in the will --
Well, that's crazy. I don't know anybody who gets cremated.
Apparently just before her death.
When did she decide this?
Cremated?!
Your mother left explicit instructions that she wished to be cremated.
I don't.
Well, close the fucking door by all means.  But don't expect me to go down there and do it.
Your father was his best friend.  He loved Jeremiah.  So he must hate him the most of all now.  He'll take his time. But even if it is too late.  If your father is dead.  It's not over.  The door has to be closed.
It's the only way.  It's possible your father may not be dead yet.
We can't go back there.  Are you crazy? You saw --
I know damn well she's there.
Why don't you hang on and I'll see if she's here.
Outta my way, boy.  Cinnabar?  I'm coming!
Some holes can't be filled.  Some hungers can't be satisfied.
You people really don't like dogs.
Don't feed that dog.
Take my advice.  Get the hell out of there.  It's a bad place.  Always has been.
Yeah?
Hey, kid.
How the hell should I know?
Died there?  How?
Yeah.  He lived there.  And died there, too.
Is it true?
Alright.  Yes sir.  Anything you say.
Take my advice.  And shoot that dog.  Or let me.
Then what do you care?
Hell no!
He yours, sir?
Hey, watcha doing with that dog?
Go for it.
Can you take a little extended solo right about now, funk soul brotha?
Saw Bones ol' Bones on top of the hill. Rolling fat jays outta hundred dollar bills.
...Bones ol' Bones so mean and bad, whupped his mamma, shot his dad.
Damn.  It's so...fresh.
You think that's really him?
"This is the story of Jimmy Bones/Black as night and hard as stones/Gold plated deuce, like the King of Siam/Got his switchblade loose, and a diamond on his hand..." There's the switchblade and there's the diamond.  Don't know where the deuce is parked.
What the hell you talking about?
Boys and girls, Moms and Dads.  Children of all ages, I'd like you to meet... Jimmy Bones.
Maurice, man, shut the fuck up.
Oh yeah, I guess this would be that space that was so perfect for a recording studio.
Some flies?  I think this qualifies as way more than "some."
Just some flies.
Ugh.  Muchos moscos, man.  This is too much.
Nothing.  Contact paranoia.  Must be buggin' from hanging with you.
'S up?
Take who where?  What you smokin'?
You didn't hear that?  "Take him... " Something.  "Bury him" or...
Keep smokin', fool.
The man said just to use my imagination.  Let's see...yeah, I get it.  Potential. I can see it now.  The first major urban theme park.  Village Ghetto land. Kinda like Legoland, but made entirely from broken glass, hypodermic needles and crack vials.  Totally E-ticket.
Are you nuts?
Look around, this place is a dump!  Naw, it'd have to work to be a dump.
What's your problem with Crippled Dick?
Yeah, in the land of the blind the one eye'd are king.
Bones!  How baddass is zat?  This is the place for us.  Patrick, you get platinum props, man.  Platinum.
So what the hell's the good news?
We practically paying him for the privilege of playing his club.
Or just Hell-adjacent...
Is this Hell?
Anywhere but here.
Climb out to where?
We can climb out.
Fine.  But I'm bringing a couple of friends.
You ain't going down there.  Not alone. I'll go.
Well, go find his lazy ass.  I scratch any more tonight I'm gonna have carpal tunnel syndrome.
Probably stoned out of his gourd in some corner.
Where's the gangsta of love?
Damned if I know.
You sure got a way with women, bro.  What happened up there?
Whatever, let's just get the hellout of here.
Yeah, we can.  Least till after this weekend.  He ain't going nowhere.  We'll deal with it then.
Maurice left.  Tia's taking a bath.
Where's the others?
Yeah, there is a strange vibe here.
No.  Well, yeah.  Maybe just a little.
Spooked?
Shit.
Let's get going.  Go home, pick up what we need, then crash here.
Tia ain't a chick.  She's family.  And don't forget it.
Pat's right.  It'll be fun.
I believe in you guys.  You are the real shit.  And you know it.  Now I'm putting everything I got into this cuz I think we can make it happen, but you gotta put a little in too.  Now all I"m asking is that everybody do their part.  We'll move some shit in, and take shifts, or all crash together here --
You soundin' like the old man now.
That's the only way we'll get the place fixed up in time.
You want us to move in here?
Naw.  I think it's... I dunno.  Something about it just buzzes me.
Damn.  That is the ugliest building I have ever seen.
I'm telling you, this neighborhood is coming back.
Looks like a damn graveyard round here.
Yeah, and it took some doing to get out of there.  Just be glad I did and you can start life from here instead of down there.
But that's your old hood, Pops.
Clean your mouth, or I will.  Those boys had no business messing down there.  Go places you're not meant to be -- that's what you get.
That's some terrible shit.
That's what?
You wouldn't know a mule if it bit you in the ass. And personally, I don't need a mule.  I got a Lexus.  And nobody gave it to me --
Dad, the man has been lying to us for a hundred years.  I mean, where is my forty acres and a mule?
Don't poison your mind with that ghetto paranoia.  That's all just ways of people justifying their own failure.
Bones.
Wh-wh-whooo?
You tell my old friend Mackie, I'll be seeing him.  Soon.  Real soon.
Big Bad Eddie Mack?  Got shit for brains and that's a fack.  Hey-heh...
Hey, Eddie Mack don't like no wackos on his street.  Go be Rain Man on some other bitch's block.
Unh-unh, little brother.  I got a natural high.  A supernatural high.
Looking to score?
Go on.  It won't kill you.
I said, no thanks.
Just try it.
I ain't interested.  And if you gonna sell it, don't sell it round here.
Ain't no big thang.  It's just a po' man's free base.  Here, check it out.
Those 'fools' are my people.
Yeah, but I ain't talking horse.  I'm talking about a five-dollar kick in the head that's a quick ticket to heaven. And the fools keep coming back for more.
But a two dollar bet is cheaper than a twenty-dollar bag.
It ain't the money - it's the high.  The big fat floating 'what if?'  And it's way more profitable.  Nobody ever wins.  So you never have to pay out.
What else?  Money.
But things change.  You gotta think ahead.
I do alright.  Everybody's happy.
You got a nice crib here.
What it will be.
Yeah, we used to do the after-school b ball at Kenwood.  What it is?
Hush, baby.
But.
Where we'll always be...
Where are we, baby?
What?
I want you to do something for me, baby.
I've got what I want.  Turn around baby, look at me.  Look at your man.
Jimmy, you've got --
No.  Not...not you.  You I forgive.
No?  That mean there's something more left of you than just that hungry spirit? What are you going to do now?  Kill us? Kill us all?
I don't know whether to chill you and serve with cottage cheese, or rip you open and eat you right here.
Gotta be an in-ey and gotta be smooth. If it's ragged, it was picked too soon. Won't ever be ripe.  Second, it's got to have just a little give, here.  At the edges.  And last, but not very far from least...  You gotta get your nose in it and give it a gooooood, looooong sniff.
Don't you worry about a thing.  This hand's gonna be stroking the back of your neck tonight.
No baby.  I'm serious.  Cancel that meeting.  I got more fruit that needs checking.  Come home with me now.
Must be my clothes line.  No?  How bout my phone line?
Left hand's the past.  Your right's the present.  And the future.  But it's not written in stone.  It's written in flesh and blood.  And flesh and blood will change.  See?  There's something here, a new line, right across your life line.
Sounds like mama needs a brand new bag.
My mama's bag and my granma's bag, and a long line of mamas before her.
All that shinin' and "reader and adviser" mess.  That was your mama's bag.  I don't know about the readin' but you both can sure 'nuff advise.
Let me see your hand.
Don't need luck tonight.  I'm just letting 'em have their say before I say no.
Maybe I oughtta get there a little early. For good luck.
Then fuck it!!!
You know I can't.
Aw that's easy.  I want my life back. Can you swing that, my brother?
What will it take?  What do you want? Just tell me, Jimmy!
No brother.  I wouldn'ta.  I never done a man - any man.  Let alone a brother like that.  Course, as you can see, no good deed goes unfucked.  Now the question is, if the good get fucked, what we got saved up for the bad?  You about to find out.
Wait, Jimmy.  Think about it.  You woulda done the same thing if you was me.
And the hell everybody else, right?
I didn't want a piece of yours, I wanted my own.
I don't understand it.  You were my Man. Since we was grasshoppas.  I always looked after you.  You had a piece of everything I had.
Time like this, is that what you really want to know?  How I got the fuck in here?
How did you get in here?
What it will be.
You always told me, it's a dog eat dog world.
Since we was just grasshoppers...
Sorry, my brother.
I don't need to hear the deal.  I don't need any partners.  I don't need new product.  And I sure as hell don't need this motherfucker's 'mattie in my face.
Everybody just be cool.  Jimmy, man, I think you oughtta hear the deal.
We met.
Hey Jimmy, you know Eddie Mack, don't you?
That's your dream, Homes.  Not mine.  I don't want to leave this street.  Ever. The status quo is totally cool with me.
One simple word, three little letters. Yes.  That's all it's gonna take and we could move out of this dump, get the real deal.  Big houses, legit business...
Nothing but net?  Could be a swish.  Or a muthafucking air ball.
Trust me, Jimmy, there's big money behind this.  Not just big.  BIG.  Like big business big.  Big corporation big.  Big government big.  Our little acre alone'll net hundreds a thousands.  Nothing but net.
They get about twelve and a half minutes. Tops.
It's all arranged for tonight.  Eddie Mack's gonna be there.  And Offisa Korruptsky, too.
Go easy on Jay Bird.  I can remember when we was his age...
'Sup Jimmy B. Shotgun.  Get back on the curb!  Now!
My God.  My dress.  We have to find it. And burn it.  And shut the door.
In his grave there was a cloth or a dress or something.  Covered with blood.
Mother!  No.
Told you so.  Alright.  We tried.  Let's go home.
Girl, they build gates like that to keep people like us out.
No we won't, Momma.  I'll just have them call and tell Patrick it's us.
We'll have to sneak in.
Fine.  Maybe I got nothing to lose. 'Cept you.
I don't.  Patrick doesn't.  And his brother and sister don't.  And they're in the house with him.
Like what?  I got a little power, sure. A touch of the shining, a little of the sight.  But no more than you do.  We're not witches.  I can't wiggle my nose or say a magic word and make him go away. Besides, maybe they deserve it.  Maybe we all do.
Aren't you gonna do something about it?
Eddie Mack, that cop.  And Jeremiah.  And even when he's done, who knows.  He won't be satisfied.  Just like that demon dog. Feed it, and it just grows hungrier. Feed his hunger for revenge - he just wants more.  Who knows where it'll stop. That kind of hunger ain't never satisfied.
Who?
He'll kill them.  He'll kill every last one of them.
But how do you know?  Maybe he just wanted to see us?  And now he's gone again.  And you've all killed my father for the second time.
Sure, if it was really him.  But it isn't that simple.  Jimmy's body died a long time ago.  And his soul is long gone, and all that's left is that ravening, hungry spirit in the blood that soaked into the house itself, I suppose.
But if it's him.  If he's really come back, won't he know us?  Love us?
You got his hands.  Beautiful hands.  I didn't even know.  That night.  When they - we - killed him, that you were already alive inside me.  Life's like that. Grows right out of death.
Your father.  He was your father.
Who?  Who is he?  What is he?
If he was trying to kill you, you'd be dead.
Who was he, Momma?  He tried to kill us.
It's alright, baby.
You said bad things hurt places.  So maybe good things heal them.  Good things are happening here.  Maybe for the first time ever.  And maybe that's all it takes.
Please.  It's for your own good.
All the more reason I should be here.
I lied.
You said the vision, the images.  They're just that.  Just pictures.  They can't hurt you.  That's what you always said.
...I've seen things.  In there.  Last night.  You did too.  Don't tell me you didn't.  You were crying like a baby.
Just a bad place.  And the doorway to worse.
And what's that?
Maybe once upon a time.  But that was long ago.  Back before... before it became what it is.
Have you ever been inside?
Nothing but a wide world o' pain locked in there.
They seemed alright.  Bring a little life to that old building.
I don't want you meeting around that house.  You stay away from those kids. And away from that dog.
I'm sorry, Momma.  Maybe next time.
You mean as opposed to your life?
You got a vision, girl.  Just like I got. Just like my momma had.  And the good Lord didn't give you that vision just for painting pretty pictures.  That's just wasted time.
I have to finish this for class.
Aren't you going to join us?
I can't!
We gotta jump!
Here!
I can't find you.
Here, find my hand.  The stairs are right near here.  I saw them.  Let's just walk up there.
Okay, okay.  Listen:
Patrick, he's...
Bill!  Bill?!
I'm here.
My old man calls the shots.  He built that gate and these damn walls.
Why couldn't you just tell him to let us in?
Don't worry about it.  I'll stay with the boys.
No, I want to stay with you guys.  But I can't.  I mean I'm not ready.
It's alright.  If you want to go home...
I can't.  Not yet.
I'm sure I can make your mother like me. But then do I gotta worry 'bout your father?
He probably thinks he's saving you from something.  I'm sure that's what my mother thinks.
Believe me, my old man'd rupture his spleen if he knew we was down here.  All he talks about is the medal he deserves for building us a life as far from this 'hood as possible.
She doesn't want me here.  With you.  In this house.
What?  Oh yeah.  Coming.
Cinn?
If I did, I wouldn't come within fifty yards of your door.
And you believe her?
Or the living fall in.  Who knows.
The dead get out?
Yeah.  But when something bad happens, something really bad -- the wall breaks. The fabric tears.
Lucky thing.
Maybe.  But there's an invisible wall, a fabric that kinda keeps things separate.
Like right now, there's actually like hordes of dead people shambling around us?  Fingers rotting off?
My momma says every house is two houses. Every street, two streets.  There's a whole city, a whole world, kinda beside, on top, just below this one.  The city of the dead.
Way I figure, everything our parents tell us is part true and part total B.S.  And our whole job is figuring out for ourselves which is which.
Nothing.  You'd think she was crazy.  And she is a lot of things, not all of them nice, but crazy Momma's not.
What else does she say?
No.  It goes way back.  Or so my Momma says.
Why?
That place is already bad luck.
Careful.  That's bad luck.
Anytime.  Be seeing you.
Guess it's not Rossmore Park.  Thanks for the help.
I manage them.
How do you know?
Naw.  But they will be.  They're the best.
Are they on the radio?
You moved into this block?
no really, let us help.  We're new in the neighborhood, gonna be neighbors.
Fuck it.  Alright.
Don't worry.  It's just round the corner. Halfway down that block, you can't miss it.  Top step of the front stairs, there's a loose stone.  Go on, I ain't shitting you.
I can't carry it in my pocket, man.  And I can't go get it for you cause you might be a cop.  You gonna have to pick it up yourself.
Where is it?
Let me see it.
Let me see it.
Yeah, but you got to come the rest of the way on foot.  Leave your car and walk over here.
You got the shit?
You got the cash?
Back here.  At the end of the block.
We're here.  Where the hell are you?
Daddy?
Help me.  I'm so sorry.  But please, help me...
Dad?
Please...help me...
Dead?  I don't think your past is dead.  It's alive.  And it bites.
That's the past.  It's dead.
I saw your face.  You knew that place. You knew those people.
You were just a kid.
Bullshit, Dad.  Don't front me.  For once.  Just tell me the truth.  I came from there, too.
It's...it's a bad neighborhood.  As you can see now.
Why?  Why did you give a shit about the building?  Why did you care that we were there of all places?
From what?
I wouldn't have risked killing you to get you out.  I was trying to protect you.
You could have had it done.  You didn't want us there.
Sure, son.  I went down there and torched the place myself.
Did you do it?
Bullshit!  Bullshit!!  You're selling it back!  That's an order!
You'll take care of it?  Not this time. No way.  I bought it fair and square. And we open tonight.
No one'll ever come here.  Shut it down. Don't worry, the bank'll buy it back. I'll take care of it.
I thought you'd be psyched.  Just trying to do what you did.  Take nothing and make something out of it.
Listen to me, boy.  I didn't work all my life to get out of this neighborhood for you to move right back in!
Like you always said, Pop, look for the undervalued.
What are we doing down here?
A little business move I made.  On my own.  I think you're gonna approve.
Where are we going?  You know I hate surprises.
Can't be done.  That place already died and gone to hell.
But maybe we're the ones who should be down there.  Doing something.  Making it better.
You cut him, or I shoot you.  Make your choice.
No way man...
That's it.  Get out.  Now!
Nice rack.  How old is --
You better hope not.  Cause it's like they say, four can keep a secret, if three are dead.
Look, even if anyone found anything there, it's twenty years ago.  They could never connect it to us.
That's a Bozo no-no.  Jay-bird.
You're right.  One of my associates sold the building last month.
Well, somebody bought it.  That's what I heard.
I didn't sell it.
Don't shit a shitter.  Our building. What did you call it?  His 'tomb'?  We had an agreement.  You were supposed to sit on it.  Not sell it --
What building?
Maybe so.  Maybe so.  But that ain't why I came to see you.  You sold the building.
Or you didn't know what to do with it.
No reason to get nasty.  Yeah, I've stayed in the organization.  But then again I never got the percentage you did.
And you?  Still a pig.  Just a much fatter one.
I been watching you.  You done good. Invested wisely.  Respectable businessman now.  Just like you always wanted.
Keep your hands to yourself, willya?
You certainly traded up.  ...the trophy wife.  Nice lookin'.
Don't call me that.
Just a visit with my old pal, Jay-bird.
What the hell do you want?
Now you.
What it is?  What it will be, muthafucka.
Last thing you need's for me to start doing my fucking job.
You was just doing your job.
Fair enough for the shit.  But I think a little bonus is due for knocking out the competition.
No time for eightball.  I got your tip.
I ain't killed nobody.  Shall I rack 'em?  Play a game, Lupe?
Not your style.  Is it Eddie?  Killing off your customers?
Fuckin' comedian.  See you tomorrow.
Oh, no.  Please don't make me go by myself.  I'm scaaaaaaaaaared.
I'm on my way home.  Can you handle it yourself?
12-year olds.  They scare easy.  Anyway, he's gonna tip their stash.  Come with me.
Shit, that was fast.
I know it.  The old slaughterhouse.  Hey, Sal.  That little weasel we popped today?  He's got something for us.  I knew he would once he thought about it.
No more thoughts from your asses.  Or I will burn your asses and snort the ashes. Hear me?
We just thought...
How many times I told you, no psycho shit.  There gonna be psycho shit, I'm the one that does it.
But --
That you stole off those white boys was down here last night?  Are you crazy? Everybody from hell to breakfast heard that screamin' on Blackstone last night!
We got a gift for you, Eddie.  Fresh new BMW.
Goddamnit!  How many times I told you --
Maybe I oughta open a couple holes in that head and let all them voices out. You'll feel better, I promise.
It was just like in my head.
Then how'd you hear it, fool?
No, Eddie.  It's just that, I dunno.  He was tall, and thin, and like a shadow, his face was just a blur.  All I remember is the voice.  It was smooth and low and it didn't seem to be comin' out of his mouth.
You boys been hitting the pipe?
Get that car the hell away from here, now!  I spend a lot of money to keep the cops cool.  But this is the kinda shit that pisses everybody off.
That's all we did, steal their ride.
You gon tell me you didn't ginsu those punks and steal their ride?
We didn't do nothing, Eddie.
Maybe there's a pipe underneath the floor.  It leaked and stained.
"Like a heartbeat/Like a love beat." Listen to the Di Franco twins there. Just the plumbing or something, fool.
Post-toasted's more like it.
I am the future.  I am all colors.  All races.  All creeds.  I am the melting pot.  I am the tossed salad.  I am post racial.
Maurice, even if it was true, what are you worried about?  Last time I checked, you weren't black.  I'm not sure what the hell you are.  But I know you aren't a black man.
Just what army do you think the Colonel was in?  Everybody knows the whole chicken distribution network is owned by the Klan.  "Special recipe".  I'm telling you.  There's something in the batter. Say it makes a black man sterile.
Why not?  He eats everything else.
The Gangster of Love don't eat no fried chicken.
I thought you were bringing the Colonel?
Look, you guys want to play college radio, high school reunions, and some fool's club once a week for the rest of your lives, that's cool.  But I think we can do better.
Yeah right, and which ever of us is still alive at the end of the week inherits all Vincent Price's cash.
Potential toxic dump site.
Why don't y'all check out the rest?  I'm going downstairs and see if I can get the furnace fired up.  Warm this place up, you'll see.  It has serious potential.
"This is Patrick..."  "...And this is Patrick on crack." Imagination, my butt.  Even the space cowboy can't...
You gotta use your imagination.
I was born near here.  My dad's from here.  He never mentioned it.
He was a local legend back in the '70's. There was a song, Stagolee kinda deal: "This is the ballad of Jimmy Bones/Black as night and hard as stone..."
Not that I remember.
You haven't?
Yeah, you heard of him?
Jimmy Bones?
Whattaya think?  Can you picture it? Over there the bar, and in here -- the dance floor.
And damp, too.  Let's not forget damp.
I was planning on waiting until I got the place cleaned out, but -- like the man says, carpe diem.
Sqweeep.  We innerup this programme to bring you this special news bulletin --  "Aliens from Reticula 3 have hijacked Patrick Peet and injected moly headcheese into his skull filling his entire brain cavity with cosmic slop..."
I just accelerated my top secret long term plan for our world domination.
Should I?
Gonna be le hot shit.  Pardon my Francais.  Dance club.  The Resurrection Brothers play there.  Heard of them?
That building?
Not really to live, just to play.
No thanks.
Need any help with those bags, Ma'am?
I'm not joking boy.  Don't feed it. It'll only make it hungrier.
And some people need their medication tweaked.
Then your father's a dead man and Jimmy Bones is gonna be around a long time.
It's not safe down there.  The fire started down there.  The whole thing could collapse.
The blood is still there.  We just gotta figure out where.
But the place burned to the ground.
... see there ain't just two parts to a person.  There's three.  Body-Soul and Spirit.  The spirit lives in the blood. It's the wanting that holds body and soul together, and sometimes, the wanting lives on.  Jimmy's blood must still be in the house.
Save him?  What are you talking about?
You sure we oughta save him?  Why not just let see how safe his gates and walls keep him when his past comes calling?
You're pretty black to be growing up in Rossmore Park.
I was born near here.  But after my mother died, my dad moved.  I grew up out in Rossmore Park.
You look mighty familiar to me.  You sure you're not from around here?
What we have to do is call the police.
Shit!  Damn dog.  We gonna have to do something about you.
Somehow I don't think he stabbed himself in the chest, then buried himself too.
Evidence of what?
Boy, put that thing down.  You can't take that.  Might be evidence.
We're all tired.  Everybody makes mistakes.  Tomorrow in the daylight, everything's gonna look different.
There wasn't any draft.  That window was closed.
Ours!
Illibent?  Who's club is that?
Moe's terms.
How could that be?  The box was packed!
Well, the bad news is we only made 25 bucks each.
Where is it?
You're a dead man!  A fucking dead man!
The next one blows off your dick.
Caesar, I don't know what you're thinking here, but if you don't put down that gun --
The money!
Where's what?
Where is it?
I think you're fucking crazy!
You don't think I'll do it, do you?
What are you talking about?
The same way you did before.
How the fuck can I open it?
You don't need a key.
All right!  Where's the key?
Open the case!
Know what?
That's right, I know.  I fucking know.
That you overreacted.  That you lost it.  Not me.  It was your mistake.
Admit what?
Just admit it, Caesar.
Where is this going, Johnnie?
The money I bet it was nothing to get it clean, after you made such a fucking big deal ...
What's that, Johnnie?
Come on, Pop, all I want to know is one thing.  Just one thing after he made such a big deal out of it.  I bet it wasn't a big deal.  Was it, Caesar?
Two point one seventy-six.
So Caesar, what did it total out at?
I'll have whatever Violet's drinking.
Glenlivet, right, Gino?
No, no, Caesar.  Not now.
You want to get into this now?
You shouldn't have hit me.
Here, put this in his mouth.
You hear that, bitch?  Be quiet!
Whoa, whoa.  Come on, he's making too much noise.
Give it to me.
I can't.  I can't.
Gimme the gun.
No!
We're family, Caesar.
Stay away!
No, Caesar, gimme the gun.
Sit down, Gino!
You aim a gun at me?!  Do you know who I am?!  I am Gino Marzzone.  You understand?
No, Gino!
Gino, your son stole this money to set me up and I can prove it.  Violet!
Caesar!
Ask Johnnie!  Ask your rat-fuck son!
Caesar?  What is this?
Yeah, I know.
We know how this was done, eh?
Caesar, you don't know shit.
What are you going to do, V?  Shoot me?  Kill me in cold blood?  I don't think so.  I'll tell you why.  If you had it in you to pull that trigger, you would have done it a long time ago.  If I was you, I would have killed me the minute I brought the money home.  But you didn't and I know why, because you don't want to kill me.  Do you, V?  Do you? No, I know you don't.
Caesar, don't.
I knew I couldn't trust you.
You know he would have done you, too.
I should have let him kill you.
Now that's teamwork.
Sure, Gino, sure.
Tell them I'm at St. Mary's off the Kennedy, in the waiting room, but stay on the phone until I come out.
Yes, I understand.
I want what's mine, half the money. We get rid of Mickey, no one else dies.  No one.  Say yes, I understand.
I'm listening.
We make a deal or I come out and hand this phone to Mickey.
Now you listen to me, asshole, I know your gun is behind the bar ...
They're all fine.  Just bruises and shit.
But everybody is all right.
They were in a car accident.
We were in a car accident --
Good boy.
Holy shit, I don't believe it!  We've been going crazy over here, Gino!
You're blowing your only chance. Act like I'm Gino.
What?
Shut up!
Bullshit, you killed him.  Not me. You did it because you couldn't stand the thought of Johnnie fucking you.
I had to.  You made me.
You murdered Gino!
You betrayed me!
Saved me?  You don't even know me. You used me, Caesar, just like I used you.  All part of the business.
Ha!  What a load of crap.  Look at yourself, Caesar.  You're a thug. |You launder money for the mob.  You rent women like you rented this apartment.
I saved you.
Everything you couldn't.
What did she do to you?
Let us go and we'll make a deal.
Shut up, Violet.
You need the money just like we do.
Don't try to tell me what to do.
Caesar, stop acting like an asshole and think --
Stupid cunt!
Not until he has the money!
Violet!
He can't kill you --
Shut up, Violet!
Don't tell him --
Where is the money?
Just hurry.
I can use Johnnie's car, dump it in Lake Michigan ...  I need plastic bags ...  tape and rope ...
Who are you going to call?
We're going to need some time.
What are you doing?
I don't know.  it could be anywhere. We don't even know if he was alone. Please, Caesar, we don't have much time.  Let's get out of here.
Where, then?
It's not here, Caesar.
Caesar, someone could see us out here.
Fuck!  Fuck!  Fuck!
They're just cops.  Stall them as long as you can.
Caesar, what are we going to do?
Fuck.
I don't know.  We may never know, but I'm going to guess it was a job, maybe the Karpoli family.
What happened to them?
No I didn't.  Not if his body disappears and not if the money is still here.  Then they never showed up.
Caesar, you just killed Gino Marzzone.
Once we have the money, then none of this ever happened.
What?
What do you think we're going to do? We have to find the money.
Caesar, what are you going to do?
...  maybe three hours.
For Christ's sake, Johnnie, do what he says.
Tell them!  Tell them!
Shut up, Violet!  This is between me and Johnnie.
Caesar ...
All right, Johnnie, you want to play it this way, I can play it this way. You want to know who made a mistake, why don't you open the case.
I've seen the way he looks at you. He's always wanted you.  Maybe two million dollars finally bought you.
You don't, you can't believe that ...
It would have been so easy to let him in as you went out.
Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.  Maybe you dropped the Scotch by accident. Maybe you didn't.
Caesar, this is crazy.
If you're not with me, Violet, then I have to assume you're against me.
Violet, I won't let you leave.
Bullshit!  You don't need me!  You've never needed me!  I can't help you! Understand?!  I have to get out.
I need you ...
The hell I can't!
You can't leave.
This is insane!
See, right now he doesn't know that I know, that's why he put the paper in the case.  He wants me to hand the case to Gino.  Then there is no doubt it was me.  Gino will put a bullet in me himself.  But it ain't going to happen.  I won't let it! Johnnie ain't going to fuck me!  Not like this!  No way!
No.
He didn't see you, did he?
He didn't have that much time.  He had to pick up Gino.  I bet you he's got it with him.  I bet it's in the car.
But it could be anywhere.
No.  Johnnie's got it.  All I got to do is get it back.
The money?  The money's gone.
I got it!  I know what I got to do! I got to get the money.
All right, Caesar.
Goddammit, Violet!  Would you just leave me the fuck alone!  Please! Leave!  Now!
I mean it, Caesar, forget Johnnie, forget the money, let's just go now, before it's too late --
Violet, please!
Caesar, maybe we should run --
Got to think this through ...
Caesar, what are we going to do?
So what?!  So fucking what?  Use your head, Violet.  The money is gone.  Gino is coming here to get it.  You think he's going to believe me if I tell him his piss-hole son stole it!  Is that what you think? I don't.  You know what I think?  I think I'm a dead man.  I'm one in the brain.  That's what I think!
But you know he did it.
I hate that little fuck!  I hate him!  I hate him!  I should've done him!
Jesus Christ, Violet!  Open your fucking eyes!  Johnnie hates me like I hate him!
Why?  Why would Johnnie do this?
Caesar, I know Johnnie.  It was him. I screamed when I saw him.  I couldn't believe I missed them.  I knew you were going to be upset so I thought I'd apologize and give Gino the Scotch.  I honked a couple of times but he didn't stop.
It's impossible!
It was him.  I'm positive.
It couldn't have been.
I was getting out of the car when I saw him in the Mercedes.
What?
Because I just saw Johnnie downstairs.
Why?
That doesn't make any sense.
No!  They're still on their way.
You mean they weren't up here?
What are you, drunk?
They just left, didn't they?
What are you talking about?
They were early.
Don't be silly, Caesar.  It'll take five minutes.
There's no time.
Don't worry, I'll get some more.
I'm sorry.  It was an accident.
Fuck!  Fuck!  How did you ...  Awwww goddammit!
Ummm ...  in the linen closet.
Where the hell's the laundry detergent?
I told them to run it through the cycles.  But I guess Gino has plans for it because he's coming here tomorrow night to pick this shit up.
What are you going to do with it?
Just look at this mess I got to deal with.
It was unbelievable!  Un-fucking- believable!
Caesar, what happened?
Why?  'Cause you know him?
Caesar, I'm serious.  This is too much.  I have to get out of here.
What?  Oh, come on, I didn't use one of the good towels.
Caesar, I'm leaving.
You're right.  You don't have to tell me, if you don't want to.  I just hope you understand you're among good people here.
That's none of your goddamn business, Caesar.
Not bad.  What for?
What?  It ain't no big fuckin' deal. I know who Don hires.  Did you know he did time himself?
Jesus, Caesar!
So, you just got out?
No shit.  Bianchinni hired you?  You know he's a good friend of mine. |Family, really.
She's doing the work herself.
I'm sorry, Christ, I thought ... it's fucking dark in here.
Caesar, this is Corky.  Corky, Caesar.
Oh, shit ...
What the fuck is going on?
I didn't expect --
All part of the business.
All part of the business.
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices.
Good idea.
Try to keep the extra batteries for your aid around.
Go right ahead, sir.
I'm going to make myself a drink, if that's okay?
Oh, right.
Not on duty, sorry.
It's all right, sir.
Fuck, this happened before.  It's this shitty ear.  Born with it.  The batteries wore out in my aid.  I'm sorry.
Pretty good, sir.
How's it going tonight, fellas?
I could be lying.
Why?
You can't kill me yet.
When I reach ten, then I'll start with you.
No.
I'm going to ask you where the money is.  Every time you don't give me an answer, I'm going to cut off one finger.
Either pull the trigger or get that thing out of my face.
Where is it?
Lick me.
Now, where the fuck is my money?
Sure.
Another time.
My brushes, I have to clean my brushes.  Thanks, though.
What?  How about a drink?
I should be going.
Good.  I hate to worry.  I got ulcers.
Five.
How many'd you do?
No.  Rajeev's in India.
You're helping Rajeev?
Where's the fucking money?
You planned this whole thing, didn't you?
Leave your phone on the hook.
Call me as soon as you get him.
Oh yeah.  Violet!
You got the key?
Ssh!  I can't hear Gino!
Un-fucking-believable.  I called those highway patrol dumb fucks.
Where in the hell is he?
It's Gino!  It's Gino!
Fuck it, I don't need the key.
The key, yeah, the key's in my pants in the bathroom.
Hey, Caesar, where's the key?
Yeah, that's it.
Is that the money?
Sure, Cease.  They make us do stupid things, don't they.
Actually, yeah, she was nervous about Gino coming, wanted everything to look right.  You know women, Mick.
Why'd you move all the furniture around?
Yeah.
Cease, can I ask you something?
Hey, if Violet was helping me relax, I'd probably do the same thing.
Oh Christ, the phone ...  That was a fucking stupid thing to do, wasn't it?
I started thinking maybe it's about the money so I call you, but all I get is the busy signal.  I figure the phone is off the hook, that's why I come rushing over here.
We went over to Johnnie's place just to check it out and it was busted up, Bad.
Me?  Why?
We was worried about you, Cease.
Shit, Mick, come on in, let me get you a drink.  Sit down, Lou.
That Violet is one nice lady.  Wish someone would help me relax.
Yeah, it was Violet's idea.  I was so wound up about Gino, she was trying to help me relax.
I was buzzing, I was knocking, but I guess you couldn't hear me on account of being in the shower.
I thought I heard someone knocking.
No, Cease.  There was no answer.
Good.  Sit tight.  I'll call you.
Yeah, Mick.  I've got the money. I'm staring right at it.
Caesar, you still got the money?
Okay, sure, Mick.
Okay.  Let me call around.  I'll see what I can do.  Don't go anywhere, okay?
No.  I don't know where they are.  I even called over at Johnnie's, but no answer.
What?  They ain't there?
Mick, I know it's late, but there is a problem.  They haven't shown up yet.
Hey, Mickey.
Yeah?
Sure, Mickey.  Sure.
Caesar, didn't I tell you to get something?
Mickey, why is Johnnie here?  You know how I feel about that fucking psycho.
Are you okay, Violet?
Now why don't you go watch some TV or something?
...  thank you.
This is a beautiful place.
You did the right thing.
I'm sorry, it's just you hear stories.
See?  We're for real.
All right.
Ma'am, you have to open the door.
How do I know you are cops?
No joke, ma'am.  Please open the door.
Gunfire?  Is this a joke?
We had a report of gunfire, so if you could --
This is the police, ma'am.
Hello?
...  Me neither.
No.
You know what the difference is between us, Violet?
I'm here, aren't I?
How'd it go?
Hey.
Hey.
Don't be sorry.  Help me.
I'm sorry, Corky ...
You don't quit on me, Violet, and I won't quit on you.
I was so afraid you ...
I'm still here.
Oh, thank God.
We're almost there, Violet.  just hang on.
okay, all right.
Listen, if he doesn't run, all you have to do is break down, go to your bedroom and pack some things, start crying, saying you love him but you can't do it.  You're sorry but you have to leave and just walk out.
Oh, Christ, I got to get out of here!
That means he probably will kill Johnnie.
What if he doesn't run?
It's all right, Violet.  It's working. All we got to do is wait him out and see what he does.
Believes it!  Jesus, it's driving him crazy.  He wants to kill him.  I don't know, Corky, I don't know what he is going to do.  I'm getting nervous, really nervous.
That's okay, as long as he believes it was Johnnie.
He totally freaked.  I've never seen him like this.  He's out of his fucking mind.
What happened?
It's me.
I think we're going to find out.
I won't.
I had a partner and she fucked me.
Every job like this has moments where things don't go so well and everyone starts thinking about their own ass. It's in those moments that everything comes together or falls apart.
If you're this goddamn smart, how did you ever get caught?
Thank you.
Jesus, that's beautiful.
You'll be clean and we'll be rich.
If he runs, everyone will assume he took the money.
He'll have to run.
C!  Shit, I'm sorry!
If it's real enough, he'll believe it, because deep down he'll want to.
Because of what you are going to tell him.  You have to make it as real as you can.  The moment you open the door with the Scotch in your hand, you will be covered, and that moment is the most important moment in the plan.
Why?
Not Caesar.
I still don't see how I'm going to get clean with the money in the apartment.  Everyone will think I did it.
The same way I'll know that you went to Scotch.  Trust.
When I get the Scotch, how do I know you won't take off?
There is no going back.
If he does ...
I'm just asking, what if?
Trust me, Violet.
You can't know for certain that he won't see you.
He won't.
What if he sees you?
Shit!  Oh shit!
An accident.
And as you do, the bottle will slip from your hands.  -- and shatter against the hardwood floor.
Waiting in the apartment next door.
Where will you be?
Poor boy, has to work so hard.
We want him to come down, to relax, feel in control again.
Fine.
Gino travels with a big man named Roy.  Caesar calls him the driver.
Any bodyguards?
The plane is in at seven, so I'd say about eight.
What time did you say they would be there?
Scotch, Glenlivet.  I remember that Caesar made a huge deal about it.
What did Gino drink?
Gino doesn't know English, or at least he pretends he doesn't, so he doesn't talk much.  He gets right to the point.  Both times they talked for about five minutes, had one drink and then they left.
It's getting better and better. Keep going.
He does it right in front of him.
Has Caesar ever seen him?
Johnnie hits on anything in high heels.
Does Johnnie hit on you?
Not much, really.  Caesar was nervous, kept cleaning the apartment.  |The first time, he picked out the dress he wanted me to wear.
What happened?
Yeah, twice.
Gino Marzzone is coming to your apartment.  It's a big deal, isn't it?  That means Caesar will be ready. He doesn't want to look like an idiot. Gino has been there before?
Sweet Jesus.
Yeah.
And Johnnie is his son, that's Johnnie Marzzone?
Yeah.
Gino Marzzone is coming tonight to pick up the money?
...  shit.
That's his brother.
Marzzone?  As in Angelo Marzzone, head of the Marzzone family?
Gino Marzzone.
Who is Gino?
It started way before I was around. I think basically it's because he thinks Johnnie is a complete idiot. But Johnnie runs Chicago because Gino is his father.
Why?
Like each other?  They hate each other.
It sounded like he and Caesar don't like each other.
Johnnie?
All right, now, tell me about Johnnie.
Good.
Yes.
Does the case lock?
It's in a case, on his desk.
In his office.  I saw it this morning.
And where is it now?
To let it dry.
What?
He hung it up.
Then what?  Exactly.
Yeah.
You said he washed the money?
I think ...
Do you think you know me like that?
The difference is, I can have sex with someone I just met, someone I hardly know, but to steal I need to know someone like I know myself.
I'm just making a point.  You have no idea what you're asking.  How much trust two people need to do something like this.
Is that what you think?
All you would need to keep yourself clean would be someone unconnected, someone like me.
I didn't say that, but since you did, let's say that you are.  It would have been easy to set Shelly up.  You could have got him killed knowing that Caesar would bring the money to the apartment.
You think I'm lying?
All right, let's say for the moment that I believe everything you are saying.
I am, but ...
That's why I need your help.  You said you were good.
These people are serious, Violet. If you want to know how serious, ask Shelly.  They're worse than any cop because they have lots of money and no rules.  You fuck them, you've got to do it right.
Wait a minute.  Wait a minute.  Do you have any idea what you are saying? You are asking me to help you fuck the mob.
Caesar will bring it to the apartment to count and go through |Shelly's books to figure out how he did it.
Shelly said it was over two million dollars.
How much money?
Caesar is going to get the money and bring --
If those quarters fell to the floor, would you still reach up to that cash register?
What choice?
You made a choice once.  Do you think you would make that same choice again?
For what?
I want out.  I want a new life.  I see what I've been waiting for, but I need you, Corky.
He's the part of the business that the rest of them pretend to be. |But Mickey doesn't like it like they do.  I suppose that's why he's good at it.
Mickey?
Caesar lives for these moments.  He tells me it's just the business, but I know it's more than that.  He likes it.  The violence.  I'll catch him in the bathroom mirror touching his scars.  He says they remind him who he his.  They're all like that. Except maybe Mickey.
Maybe he did.  He would brag to me all the time.  He was never afraid of Caesar because he didn't know him.  Not like I do.
Sounds like he wanted to get caught.
For Shelly, taking the money was a way to take from Caesar.  He could have run at any time, but he didn't because he didn't want out.
That's what he told himself.  But it wasn't even about me, it was about Caesar.  He wanted what Caesar had. That's how they are.  I understand them.
He was in love with you, right?
Yes.
Even though he knew about you?
Shelly was skimming from the business. He came to see me yesterday because he was afraid Caesar figured it out. He wanted to run but he wanted me to come with him.
I think so, too.
Fuck it!  I think you better leave.
I suppose he just wants to watch.
No.  Shelly knows what I am.  He saw me in a bar with another woman.
Don't tell me, you're a workaholic.
You mean Shelly?
What about that guy this morning?
We make our own choices and we pay our own prices.  I think we're more alike than you want to admit.
Work.
What was it then?
All my life, everyone has been telling me that when I have sex, I'm not really having sex.  Not real sex. But they're wrong.  I know what is and isn't sex and what you heard was definitely not sex.
What the fuck was it?
What you heard wasn't sex.
For Christ's sake, Violet!  I heard you!  Thin walls, remember?
I don't.
What are you saying?  That you don't have sex with men?
I know what I am.  I don't need to have it tattooed on my shoulder.
Is that what her daddy tells her?
Oh no, she's nothing like you.  She's a lot smarter than you.
Let me guess.  This is where you tell me that what matters is on the inside.  That inside you, there is a little dyke just like me?
Because it's the truth.
How can you sit in that bed and say that?
We're not that different, Corky.
I know!  You can't understand, because we're different, Violet.  We're different.
I don't understand - ?
I'm not afraid of anything.
What are you afraid of?
If there is one thing I can't stand about sleeping with women, it's all the fucking mind reading.
You didn't want to see me, did you?
Shit, here we go.
Yes there is.  I felt it this morning when I brought you the coffee.
Nothing.
What's wrong?
So am I.
I'm glad you did.
I guess I wanted to.
You didn't have to tell me if you didn't want to.
My cellmate would say she did her time for getting caught.  She was always more honest than me.
I'm already in your bed.
That's what I tell someone when I'm trying to get them in my bed.
The redistribution of wealth?
Isn't that what you wanted to know? What I did time for?
What?
The redistribution of wealth.
Yes, it is.
Five years is a long time.
Almost five years.
How long have you been with him?
Basically.
He's a launderer?
They took over a club I was working at.  Caesar started managing it.
How did you meet him?
Funny, nobody calls it that anymore. Caesar calls it "The |Business."
No.
You have to ask?
Caesar's Mafia, isn't he?
Tell me about it.
...  I needed that.
Don't apologize, please.  I can't stand women who apologize for wanting sex.
I wanted to apologize.
Look, I don't think this is a good idea.
I had to see you.
...  yes.
No.
If I say yes, will you take your hand away?
You dropped that earring down the drain on purpose, didn't you?
Because I want to.  I've wanted to since I first saw you in the elevator.
Why?
Isn't it obvious?  I'm trying to seduce you.
I have a tattoo, would you like to see it?
Maybe.
Are you surprised that I know what it is?
Curious?  That's funny, I'm feeling a bit curious myself right now.
Curious, maybe.
No.
You seem uncomfortable.  Do I make you nervous, Corky?
A beer.  Of course.
A beer?
What do you want?
Okay, one drink.
No.  Mr. Bianchinni asked me to do it.  I did it.
Thank you so much.  You have to let me pay you something --
Sure.
Do you have a pot or a bucket?
I told Bianchinni I would take a look.  Is it that sink?
I'm sorry, look, forget it.  I shouldn't have called...
Yeah, come on in.
He said you lost something.
I'm sorry, I usually would call Rajeev, but I didn't know what to do so I called Mr. Bianchinni.
Not exactly.
Oh no.  Shit.  I didn't know he would call you.  God, you must think |I'm a total nuisance.
My pleasure.
Thanks.
I should be going.  You can drop the cup off anytime.
Oh no, no.  I'm not the marrying kind.
Caesar is your husband?
No, but Caesar does.  He likes him. Says he's a good Italian.
Do you know him?
Oh, really.
I don't, really.  I was referred to him.
So, how do you know the owner, Mr. Bianchinni?
I knew it.
'63 Chevy.
Truck.  Of course.
Truck.
That is so amazing.  I'm in awe of people who can fix things.  My dad was like that.  We never had anything new.  Whenever something broke he would open it up, tinker with it and it would work.  His hands were magic.
Yeah.
You're doing everything yourself?
No, no trouble.  There's other work to do.
Yes, it really causes problems. Sometimes it's like you're in the same room.  But if it's too much trouble, I understand ...
Are they really?
No, it isn't your fault.  The walls here are just so thin.
Oh, I'm sorry --
Yeah, see, I'm kind of a night person, so I was wondering if it wasn't a terrible inconvenience if you could wait a bit before using power tools.
A favor?
My pleasure ...  but to be honest, I did have a slightly ulterior motive here.  I was wondering if I could ask a small favor?
Mmmm ...  thanks, I needed this.
Good guess.
I guessed you were straight black.
Pretty much.  One day at a time.
So this is temporary for you?
Oh, he went home to India, but as far as I know he'll be back.
Rajeev, the man who usually works on the building.
Who?
I heard you working in here and I just wondered if you'd like a cup of coffee?
Yeah, sure.  I'm Corky.
Hi.  My name is Violet.  We sort of met in the elevator --
Pop, this is important to me.  It's a simple question.  if he would just answer the question, that's the end of it.
Johnnie, what did I say?
Hey, Johnnie ...
Unbelievable.  Can you believe that, Violet?
Jesus Christ, Pop.  You got two hours until your plane leaves.
Done.  We go now.
Caesar, come here.  Sit.  We talk now.  You too, Johnnie.
Pop?
No, Johnnie.  No goddamned phones. Not now.
You are as radiant as ever, Violet.
Hey, Caesar!  You take care of this girl, or I find out!
Thanks, Mickey, but I need to get out, you know?  Get away from all of this.
Sure you're going to be okay?  I mean, if you're having second thoughts, my offer still stands.
I know you will.
I told you, the family doesn't want the police around.  We want to take care of it ourselves and we will. I'll find him.  I swear I will.
I will never understand it, Mickey. You didn't even call the police.
Violet?
Mickey!  Oh God, Mickey!
I think everything is okay.
Oh my God.  Was anyone hurt?
Violet, it's Gino and Johnnie.  They were in a car accident.
Mickey?  What are you doing here?
Caesar?  What the fuck time is it?
Oh, God.
Don't worry about Caesar.  I'll handle Caesar.  You just get out of here, okay?
Caesar wants me to stay.
You shouldn't have to see this.  Why don't you get out of here?  Go for a walk.
I can't call it off.  He's not responding.  Get out of my way.
You just blew up a house in Paris! This program is over.  Call it off.
You're not doing shit.  You're so scared you can't even think.
<u>No you're not</u>.  You're not going anywhere.  I'm shutting this down.
I'm going to Paris.
We're in the shitter, man!  Pick your poison.  Maybe he's in there to finish the job.  Maybe he's working for Wombosi.  Maybe they want to go on TV together.  Every possibility sucks -- we've got to move!
We don't know what we're into!
What do you want to do?
Forget it.
-- that's what they're trained for -- just a surgical strike.
-- <u>inside</u> the house? --
-- if we can get a clean shot --
-- he went inside! --
This doesn't go upstairs.
Our last sighting was forty-eight hours ago.  Even if they stayed in the car, the grid is huge.  This is it.  He's trained -- conditioned -- they're built to disappear.  You give him another day to run and we may never find him.
No.  We can't risk it.
Turn?  To who?  Where does he turn? What does he have to offer?  He's got nothing.  He's a killer.  He's a piece of equipment for crissake. Where's he gonna turn?
What if he <u>is</u> working for someone else?  What if he turned?
That was two hours -- two hours to get a second opinion -- and nothing changes.  He's loose.  He's out of control.  It's very clear what needs to happen.  I have work to do.
I'm not asking.
<u>This is an operations desk</u>.
I want a second opinion.
We've been down here for two weeks banging our heads against the wall. We've been <u>sleeping</u> down here.  We just got our first lead fourteen hours ago, and now? -- now that we <u>finally</u> have something to work with -- you want to bring planning personnel down here?  I'd rethink that.
Yes, well, I think we need some fresh eyes on this problem.  I'm bringing in some people from upstairs.
No.  Pursuit <u>ends</u> when we know exactly where he is.
Pursuit would indicate that you know exactly where he is.
We're exploring <u>every</u> possibility.  We are in pursuit.  How much more do you want me to tell you?
I'm assuming we're exploring that possibility.
She's a gypsy.  If it's a cover, it's a great one.
Then I'd have to explain Treadstone. And you'd have to explain how you let me get this far.  Doesn't sound like much of a Plan-B, does it?  We'll clean up the field.  You clean up your budgets.
And what if I couldn't do that?
You'd want to make that go away. You'd want to remind them that Treadstone is a training organization.  That it's all theoretical.  You'd want to sign off on that.
They're putting together an agency oversight committee.  They're going to look through everyone's budgets. Treadstone is a rather sizable line item in my ledger.  What am I going to do about that?
I thought you were never going to do that.
Yes.
You're asking me a direct question?
We're talking about Marseille. We're talking about Nykwana Wombosi. And I'm asking you if this abortion in Marseille has anything to do with Treadstone.  Was this Treadstone?
I don't know what we're talking about.
Storm clouds are gathering, Ted. It looks like rain and I don't have a thing to wear.
Why?
...they won't let you go...
What do they want me to do?
...someone said caffeine -- for a headache...doesn't seem...
I think so.
...what did you do?...you must've really fucked up...
What is Treadstone?
...or in a car...when it's dark...something with the headlights...  ...pills, right?  Treadstone had those pills...
Treadstone.
...it's a problem...
Yes.
...headaches...you have that...I get such bad headaches...
Paris.  I live in Paris...
...which one are you?...
Treadstone?
Who are you?  Rome?  Paris?  Treadstone...both of us...I was warned but...
What do you mean?
I work alone.  Like you...  ...we always work alone.
I won't ask again.
That'll be their second worst mistake.
Jason...  They can't let you go...
Keep it. 
<u>There never was a Jason Bourne</u>.  You have to come with me.  It's the only way.  We can give it back to you...
Jason Bourne is dead.
We have to go home, Jason.
I don't think so.
We'll make you better.  We can put the pieces back.  We can do that.
That's all I get?
So it's time to go home.
So now you know.
Of course.  We had to try.  We didn't know what was wrong.  We didn't know you were in trouble.
I know you've been trying to kill me.
They're right about you, aren't they?  You're fried.  You really don't know what's going on, do you?
I don't know.
What did I do?  I spent thirty million dollars on you.  I spent three years finding you -- four years training you --  What did I do?  What in the name of God have you been doing, Jason?
<u>What did you do to me</u>?
Am I Treadstone?  Me?  What the hell're you talking about?
Are you Treadstone?
Get the kids out!
I don't know.
<u>Was this a game or a fuck up</u>?
I know who sent you.  I don't know why.  I learned many, many things from the CIA.  <u>Many</u> things.  I learned the way they think.  Was the bomb on my boat supposed to go off or not?
Who do you think sent me?
It's a lot more stressful than I thought.
I think investment advice from a dead man, it's a bad idea.  How does it feel to be dead?
MPG Capital.
Did you bring investment advice for me tonight?  It was tax shelters, wasn't it?  Swiss debenture-swaps.
Yeah, I know...
Sir, you waited on line.
Look, maybe I should just...
<u>Do you have your passport, sir</u>?
I have a passport.  I've got...  Actually, it's a little complicated.
You have your passport?
Right.
Well, either you are, or you aren't.
Yes.  I mean, I think so.  Yes.  Yes...
You're a U.S. Citizen?
One moment, sir.
Kane.  Do you have Mr. John Michael Kane?
-- hang on -- I need you to check another name for me -- hang on -- un moment, s'il vous plait --
-- sir? --
D'accord...  Merci.  Un moment -- un moment --
One moment, please...  I'm afraid, I have no one by that name registered, sir.
Yes, I'm...I'm looking for Mr. Jason Bourne.
Yes, sir...  How can I help you?
Paris?

...yes -- oui -- uh...
I think not...  No, I'm sorry.  It was very sudden. He was here very briefly.
Do you -- his brother -- do you have a phone number?
It's very bad this.  Terrible sad. Such a young man.
Right.  Yes.  Of course.
His brother.  You know his brother?
Who?  Who came?
...we actually, we were unaware for several days that this had happened. When they came for his things, it was made known for us, you see?
...I understand...
There was an accident.  On the motorway.  Apparently, he was killed instantly.  Really, I'm terrible sorry to be the one to tell you this...
I have some very bad news for you, sir.  I'm terrible sorry to have to tell you this, but Monsieur Kane has passed away almost two weeks ago...
Yes.
You are a friend of his?
Yes.  Is he there?
You call about Monsieur Kane?  John Michael Kane?
Yes, I'm here...
Bonjour?  Monsieur?  Allo...
That'd be great.
Let me get you a new copy of the proposal.
I hadn't heard.
We also thought we hadn't heard from you -- we've had a bit of a publicity nightmare, people have been talking.  Our offices were broken into -- vandalism mostly -- shortly after we last spoke.
Excuse me?
Was it the break-in?
Okay.
We just picked up a job quite like the one we were bidding for you. Gorgeous boat, hundred-and-seventy- five-foot pleasure cruiser.  I think we learned a few things that might allow us to make our proposal for your job, as I said, a bit more competitive.
Yes.
Look, our bid -- it was competitive -- but definitely at the high end of competitive -- when we didn't hear back from you, we did some re-analysis of the numbers, and honestly, we'd really like a chance to do a bit better.  I'm assuming you're still in the market.  It's the same vessel?
Well, I mean it's a tough business, isn't it?  Cutthroat.
Did you?
We thought you were gone for good.
Really.
Well...  I must admit, when my assistant told me you were here I was, really -- I was quite -- I was surprised.
Thanks.
Mr. Kane...  Come right in...please...have a seat.
Not really.
You have ID?
Think I could rent a scooter?
Yes.
This your store?
Can I help you?
I'm gonna find the end of this.  I can't protect you.
What about you?
I can't protect you anymore.
What was I thinking, right?
If you're lucky.  Take it.  There's enough in there to make a life.  Any life.  Just get out now. Get low.  Stay low.  <u>Take it</u>.
And that's it?
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
We have to keep moving.
Who is it?
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
I won't let that happen.
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
What?
Stop where you are.
xxxxxx
xxxxxx.
Yes.  That's who I want to be.
You could do that?
It doesn't matter who you were before.  It's who you want to be. That's all that matters.  We have this money.  We have what we have.  I had nothing before and now, I don't know, maybe I have more, maybe it's nothing, but...  I say we leave here.  We leave this place.  We go until we can't go anymore.
Go back to the hotel.
<u>So what are we doing</u>?
I don't know. 
What does that mean?  Jason, what does that mean?  Jason, please...who is he?
It's a name.  Mr. Wombosi owns a thirty million dollar yacht.  He's the proud owner of an Alliance Security package.  He also paid a visit to the morgue to see John Michael Kane. 
What is that?
Nykwana Wombosi. 
-- I don't know what you're doing and you're scaring me -- what are you looking for? -- what just happened in there? --
Let's go --  We got to get away from this phone.
I found it.  It took six calls.  I found Kane.  I found the body.
It's a company... MPG Capital.
Who paid the bill?
You stayed there five times in the past six months.  But I didn't have time -- I could only get the bill from the last stay -- you were there for two days.  Some room service -- there's half a dozen phone calls here so that's someth--
I don't know what happened!  I don't know who he is!  I don't know what he wants!  I don't even know who I am!  The only thing I know is that if I stay here, I'm never gonna find out!
-- we'll tell them what happened --
-- forget it --
-- there's two of us -- we'll tell them -- we'll just --
-- how? --
-- we'll explain it --
-- there's no time --
But the police --
You stay -- if you want, you stay -- it's okay -- it's better -- maybe it's better -- I don't know --  But I can't stay here.  <u>I can't</u>.
Oh, Jesus...
And where is he now?  You believe what you want, but I'm telling you the truth -- I never would have brought you here if I thought it was dangerous.
He had my picture!  He knew I was here!  He came here to kill us!
I didn't know this would happen.
I don't trust anybody and I trusted you!
You're wrong.  I didn't know.
I trusted you.
No.
You knew he was coming.
-- we can go -- I can get us out of here -- but we have to go now --
He came to kill us.
-- we can't stay here -- I can't stay here -- it's not safe here --
He went out the window -- why? -- why would someone do that?
Marie -- look at me -- there's no time for this --
He's dead isn't he?
-- do what? -- what are you doing? -- he's got my picture --  -- he's -- my God -- look at him -- he's bleeding to death -- my picture -- look! -- he was trying to kill us! -- omigod --
-- let me do this, okay? --
-- he's got my picture! -- this is yesterday! -- this is me! --  -- where did you get my picture? --
Marie, just --  -- just stay there! -- just --
-- where does this come from? --  How do you have my picture?
-- just --
...this is my picture... he's got my picture --  -- this is me -- this is Zurich -- this...this...this is yesterday --
What? -- what? --  -- what is it?
...omigod, no...
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME?
Open it --  -- do it -- what's he got in there?
-- what're you doing? -- Jason, please, tell me what's happening!
-- quiet -- <u>quiet</u> --
-- please -- Jason -- omigod --
-- no -- Marie -- <u>no</u>! -- it's not like that --
Go ahead.
See.  It's starting to come back, yeah?  You mind if I take a bath?
All this stuff -- it's all about boats.  I think I'm in the shipping business.
This is your office?  God, you live like a monk...
I guess so.
This is like a real apartment.  This is really yours?
How could I forget about you?  You're the only person I know.
Nah...  With you, I mean, you'd probably just forget about me, right?
Look, you could come up.  Or you could wait if you want.  I could go check it out.  You could wait.
You got me pretty fucking curious.
Look, I don't know what's up there.
Anytime.
Thanks for the ride.
Okay, so...
Jason...
I don't remember any of this.
I should go.
I guess.
So this is it, right?
Yeah.  Pull in here.  Park it.
Where?
No.  No.  Go around.  Keep going...
Looks familiar?
Four-fifty.  That's the address...
That's it?  Is that it?
Slow down.  No, don't stop.  Just...
I thought about it.  I don't know.
You ever think maybe you have a family?
I dream I'm asleep.  I dream that I'm asleep and I can't wake up.  I don't think I smoke.
You were tired.  Here...  For twenty-thousand I like to throw in breakfast.  So what do you dream about?
I can't believe I slept.
We're about an hour away.
Where are we?
I needed a break.
You're paranoid.  You were shot. It's natural.
Why do I? -- I come in here -- instinctively -- first thing I do -- I'm looking for the exit -- I'm catching the sightlines -- I know I can't sit with my back to the door --
People do amazing things when they're scared.
I fought my way out of an embassy. I climbed down a fifty-foot wall -- I went out the window and I was doing it -- I just did it.  I knew how to do it.
Lots of people have guns.  You're American.  Americans love guns.
There was a gun.  Who has a safe deposit box with a gun and all this money and all these passports?
Okay, so you're a victim.
I was shot twice in the back.
Sounds like you were in an accident or something.
I don't know.
What are you talking about?
-- which was okay for a while, I was okay with it...  But then -- there's all these other things -- all these other things I know how to do -- and this -- this stuff from the bank and...  I think something bad happened.
-- you could put it together --
I kept trying things, I thought if I could find all the things I could do, I could --
Well, this is great.  I'm sick of myself and you have no idea who you are.
Nothing.  It's just not there.
When you think of it, before the ship -- before you wake up on the ship, what do you see?
No.
And you have no idea -- not a clue -- what came before that?

That's what I'm saying.
Amnesia?  You're saying you don't remember anything that happened before two weeks ago?
Look, go ahead...put the radio on...
What?  Like amnesia?
No.  No, I mean, I really don't know who I am.  I can't remember anything earlier than two weeks ago.  I'm serious.
Yeah, well, welcome to the club.
I don't know.  I don't know who I am.
Who pays twenty thousand dollars for a ride to Paris?
Listen to what you want.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't know.  Smile.  Sneeze. Something.  You've got a bag full of money and a ride to Paris.  Fuck it, I don't know...  What kind of music do you like?
I'm sorry.  Really.  What do you want me to do?
Shit --  Can I tell you how much you're freaking me out?  Okay?  Because you are -- you're completely freaking me out.
I know that.
Just so you know, if you're gonna burn me on the money, you might as well kill me.  I was supposed to have this car back three days ago.  It's not my car.
Then I'll find another ride.
What if I say no?
I won't hurt you.
And I don't get hurt.  I get twenty thousand dollars and I don't get hurt.
I don't want to go alone.  I want you to drive me to Paris.  Like we're a couple.  Like we're a couple and we're travelling together.  That's all we're doing.
You could buy a car for twenty grand.  You could buy this car.
I don't want anything but a ride. All I want to do is go home.
You swear?  That's great.  I feel so much better now.
Look, I want a ride to Paris.  That's all I want.  I swear.
-- get the fuck out of here -- all this money, this crazy offer, I mean give me a fucking break with this, this is -- 
Wait up --  -- just wait up --
<u>No</u>.  No, that was too easy -- 
Okay.  Twenty thousand.  Ten now.  Ten there.
You have blood on your pants.
I said ten thousand.
For twenty thousand dollars.
I want to go home.
So what's in Paris?
Get me out of here.  <u>Please</u>.
Jesus...
You don't want the police any more than I do.
Great.  You know what?  I'll give you ten gazillion dollars to get the fuck away from me before I start screaming my head off.
I'll give you ten thousand dollars to drive me to Paris.
Get the fuck away from my car.
I've got a situation here and --
It's a little late for that.
Please.  I don't want to scare you.
Oh, Jesus... 
I need a ride out of here.

I need a ride.
-- here we go -- I found it --
-- this is serious business down here and we cannot have people coming and going --
-- what do I? -- I put the name of the person I came to see? --
-- we have rules here, this is a very serious place -- I'm the one who decides who gets in here, okay? --
-- don't sweat it, I have a pen -- no problem -- just let me find the page --  -- honey, why don't you wait for me outside, okay? --
-- slow down -- you can't just take the book like that --
Is this it? --  -- this is it, right? --
Fine.  But I'd like to sign in.  In fact, I insist on it.  Where's the book?  I gotta sign in -- 
So get the hell out of here.
Shit, we didn't sign in.
I said, someone came last night --  Look, this isn't a carnival -- people call and they make an appointment and they follow the rules -- everyone signs in and out -- this is a serious place -- serious work -- it's not just to come in whenever you like --
Where did this body go?
I'm sorry.
Wait a minute --
You're in danger.  All of you.  I have no time to explain.
What the hell're you talking about?
Get everyone down in the basement.
What?
Get in the basement.
That old beast?  Miss his breakfast? Not a chance.  It's always something, right?
He run away often?
My husband's out looking for him.
Where's the dog?
xxxxxx
xxxxxx...
So now you're asking for a student visa?
-- I'm the one that got ripped off! -- not you -- not the United States government -- me -- I'm the one being ripped off!
-- Miss Kreutz, please --
-- I paid this fucking guy -- I paid him four thousand dollars -- my last four thousand dollars to marry me, okay? -- I told this to the case officer last week...  ...<u>here</u> -- Mr. Thomas.  I told Mr. Thomas I didn't know this guy was already married -- I admitted this!
-- it's not the source of the information that's important here --
You only know that because I told you!  Ask the case officer -- find his name -- it's on the papers -- I told him all this myself! -- 
<u>Miss Kreutz</u>, excuse me, but you entered into a fraudulent marriage in an effort to circumvent the immigration laws of the United States --
All the papers -- all the papers they asked for -- I brought all the papers --
Miss Kreutz, please... I'm gonna have to ask you to keep your voice down.
-- I want that red car -- the girl -- we gotta get lucky here --
-- I'm on it --
-- let's check that Interpol window again --
Enhance it.
It's an angle of the street -- some sort of alleyway -- you can just...
What's that?
Sir...
Hang on... 
What do they have on the streets? The area.  They must have something.
That's the only angle.
And that's the best angle of the courtyard?
That'll solve all our problems.
Abbott.  He knows about the embassy. He's coming down for a show and tell.
What?
All of them?
It doesn't matter now.  We've just got to be the first ones there.  Get everybody up.  I want them all activated.
Maybe it's a game.  Maybe he's trying to send us a message.
What the fuck is he doing?
Zurich police are looking for an American with a red bag.  Apparently he put two cops in the hospital last night.
What?
-- yes, sir, it's confirmed --
-- but it was <u>him</u> --
-- he accessed the account --
-- and they're sure it's him? --
I tried.
Tell him we're busy.
Abbott wants to talk.
What?
-- he's running from the cops, he's got a bag filled with God knows what, he's in the building and I don't know where! --
-- you gotta give me more to go on --
-- call the code! -- I want everyone out! --
-- we're in the middle of a trade meeting! --
-- we're evacuating the building --
-- what're you talking about? --
I won't forget this.
It's not much, but it should get you to Switzerland.
I don't know.
You drink rum?
I don't remember Zurich.
Look, I'm just on this boat, okay? I'm an engineer.  Whatever this is, it's not for me to be involved, okay?
No.
It came from your hip.  Under the skin.  You have a bank in Zurich.  You remember Zurich?
I told you.  You need to rest.
What if it doesn't come back?
You we're lost at sea.  They pulled you out.  Who are you?  You were shot -- two bullets -- in the back.  You understand me?  Who are you?
How did I get here?
You're on a boat.  A fishing boat. Italian flag.  We're out of Vietri.  It's the cold that saved you.  The water.  The wounds are clean.  I'm not a doctor, but the wounds, it looks okay.  It's clean.
<u>Where am I</u>?
You're American.  I thought so. From your teeth -- the dental work --
Where am I?
You're awake.  Can you hear me?  You've been shot.  I'm trying to help you.  You were in the water.  You've been shot.  It's okay now.
What have you done to my flat?
... And then some.
I fixed it myself.
...your ducts?
I haven't got an emergency. Get out of here.
...ergency procedures.
Thank you.
...Be back.
Uh - what? - I ...
...ervices.
... get to it.
Sign the form so we can get to it.
... new washer.
I think you've got your T41 crystal inductor wired up to a reverse bobbin- threaded-solenoid-control. It's either that or a new washer.
... yer ducts.
This is what you get when you have cowboys round yer ducts.
... ere please.
Sign here, please.
...sod you, stupid twit.
You're putting your talents to very odd use Mr Lowry - yes, odd use - to pit wits against Central Services -
...ven't you?
...sabotage!
Central Services don't take kindly to sabotage!
...Yer nostril?
Oh yeh? Where'd you get this from eh  out yer nostril?
...aven't you?
Tuttle! ... mumble!  You've had that scab Tuttle here, haven't you?
Mumble ... Tuttle ...
Mumble ... mumble ... mumble ... Tuttle
Got there!
What have you got there?
... have a look.
I think we'd better have a look.
...ampered. with it, Spoor.
He's tampered with it, Dowser.
... fix themselves.
Machines don't fix themselves.
...ixed itself.
...ditioning.
Trouble with your air-conditioning.
...elephoned sir.
You telephone, sir.
You must save the day.
What do I have to do.
Well not exactly. But, if you help us we'll help you. The Forces Of Darkness have won the day ... but, tomorrow is another one
What? You mean you've got ...
Oh, yes. We've got everything here. Every bit of knowledge, wisdom, learning ... every experience, every thought neatly filed away.
We know that too. You've come to the right place.
Then perhaps you can help me. I've lost someone who ...
We know everything here. This is the Storeroom of Knowledge.
What? How do you know my name?
Ah ha ... there you are, Sam.
Do you mind if I use your bathroom?
Yes, it was ... very nice ... thank you.
Yes, I know. It's the backlog, everybody complains. Was it all right otherwise?
Aren't you a bit late? - the party started half an hour ago.
Oh, right ...
You don't have to sing it.
Oh ...  Thank you very much, mother, but actually -
It's reply paid.
Er ... Thanks ...
He will be pleased when he comes home.
I'm waiting for my daddy.
Jill Layton ...  You're a very good little girl. What are you doing here?
Layton.
What? ...Jill? Jill who? Jill who?
Her name is Jill.
Go away.
Thank you, David ... and a very merry Christmas to you all.
Thank you very much, Deputy Minister.
Beginner's luck.
But the bombing campaign is now in its thirteenth year ...
On yes. Our morale is much higher than theirs, we're fielding all their strokes, running a lot of them out, and pretty consistently knocking them for six. I'd say they're nearly out of the game.
Do you think that the government is winning the battle against terrorists?
I understand this concern on behalf of the tax-payers. People want value for money and a cost-effective service.
And the cost of it all, Deputy Minister? Seven percent of the gross national produce ...
David ... in a free society information is the name of the game. You can't win the game if you're a man short.
Mr. HELPMANN, what would you say to those critics who maintain that the Ministry Of Information has become too large and unwieldy ...?
- In fact, killing people - they'd get a lot more out of life.
In fact, killing people -
Bad sportsmanship. A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old fashioned virtues. They just can't stand seeing the other fellow win. If these people would just play the game, instead of standing on the touch line heckling -
Deputy minister, what do you believe is behind this recent increase in terrorist bombings?
No, no ... I did that...
Yes, it's all a bit confusing but, it seems she was killed resisting arrest.
Sam, I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
Please, I've got to find Jill.
Sam, if you've been going out there and playing a straight bat, all the way down the line, you've got absolutely nothing to worry about.
I'm not a terrorist! You must know that! I'm not guilty! Get me out of here!
Yes, well, from the Department's point of view you're certainly a bit of an own goal, but ...
This is all a mistake! Don't you understand?!
I assure you, Sam, I'm doing everything within my power. But the rules of the game are laid down, and we all have to play by them - even me.
Help me!
I understand, Sam, I know exactly how you feel. So I brought you a bottle of barley water.
Yes, you've got to get me out of here. I've got to find her.
Gillian Layton?
Where's Jill? What have you done to her? Where is she?!
Sam, what are we going to do with you? Can you hear me, Sam?
Well ... well, I ...
Too late? That's for me to say.
Mr Helpmann. I've changed my mind. I'd like to accept the transfer - am I too late?
I know he would have wanted me to help you ... And I promised your mother I'd take you onto the team at information Retrieval. But I gather that ...
Your father and I were very close. Of course Jeremiah was senior to me but we were close friends ... especially after the bombing  and I  keep his name alive at the office every day.
Sorry ...
Well, I ...
If I can help you ...
That's all right Mr Helpmann. Glad to help.
Thanks very much Sam.
Shut up! This is a professional relationship!
Jack ...
How do you think I feel? You shit!
Help me, Jack! I'm frightened!
How could you do this to me?
What?
You stupid bastard!
This is all a mistake. Jack, please take that mask off.
Bastard!!!
Jack, I'm innocent! Help me.
Shut up!
Jack?... Jack?
Well, could you stay away from me until this thing blows over.
Yes we have, Jack!
Sam - we've always been close, haven't we?
Jack, she's innocent!
There are no coincidences, Sam. Everything's connected, all along the line. Cause and effect. That's the beauty of it. Our job is to trace the connections and reveal them.  This whole Buttle/Tuttle confusion was obviously planned from the inside. Bye bye.
It could all be coincidental.
I do. Goodbye. 
You don't really think Tuttle and the girl are in league?
Tell that to the wives of the Security men she blew up this afternoon. Listen, we've also had a report just in from Central Services that Tuttle has wrecked an entire flat and sabotaged adjacent Central Services systems - as a matter of fact, in your block. I'd keep my eyes open if I were you, Sam. Bye.
She's innocent, Jack --- she's done nothing wrong.
I'm sorry, Sam, I'm afraid this whole case has become much more complicated since last we talked.
Come off it, Jack! Of course you can check to see if she's been arrested.
Sam ... we're proud to have you at Information Retrieval. Merry Xmas. 
Trust me.
Do you know what you're doing.
Thanks, Jack. I'll be in touch.
Er ... alright. For Christ's sake don't lose it. Here, you'd better sign for it.
Well, I'd better get out there and try to get to her before security does. Let me borrow her dossier for a while.
We don't make mistakes.
Say it was a mistake.
There's no procedure for that until she's been arrested.
Take her off the list.
But, I've already put her on the search and detain list.
They weren't at school with us.
Right! Just between as and the Security Forces.
Then we'd better keep this business just between the two of us.
You're the only person I can trust.
And you're mine.
Of course. We went to school together. You're my oldest friend.
Trust me. You do trust me, don't you?
What does that mean? I don't want to be involved in anything unsavoury.
Let me try to get to her. I'll deactivate her.
Well, I ... Good point. What do you suggest?
You mean you're going to invite her in so that she can spill the beans inside the department?
Get her out of circulation - I've put her on the detention list.
So what are you going to do about her?
Kindness? What's the purpose behind this line of enquiry?
Out of kindness.
{baffled) I don't follow you.
Why? Hell, not for any reason ...
Why?
Look, about the Layton woman - maybe she's just trying to help the Buttle family.
Barbara's a perfectly good name, isn't it?
Right. Er, you're not going to keep calling her Barbara, are you?
Look after that suit, eh. Barbara chose it for me.
But surely, I mean, perhaps she just happened to live above the Buttles, and ...
A terrorist?
She witnessed the Tuttle arrest - the Buttle arrest - and since then she's been making wild allegations, obviously trying to exploit the situation - she's working for somebody, and she's not working for us.
Tell me about Layton.
Yes. I'm impressed.
Er ... but I would've found out anyway.
Very smart.
Er ... no.
You didn't know as much about this business as you pretended to, did you?
What's she done?
He's a compulsive heating engineer. A maverick ex-Central Service repair man with a grudge against society. Now, fortunately, we're nearly out of the wood, I think. At least we will be when I get this Layton woman under arrest.
He's a freelance subversive?
We suspect him of freelance subversion.
What has Tuttle done?
What I've got to do now is pick up Tuttle, interrogate him at the same voltage as Buttle, to the same meter reading to the last penny, and juggle the books in electrical banking.
So how ...?
There are some real bastards in this department who don't mind breaking a few eggs to make an omelette, but thank God there are the new boys like me who want to maintain decent civilized standards of terrorist eradication. We've got the upper hand for the moment, but they're waiting for us to slip up, and a little slip- up like this is just the chance they're looking for.
I'm sure you have
Sam, there are very rigid parameters laid down to avoid that event but Buttle's heart condition did not appear on Tuttle's file. Don't think I'm dismissing this business, Sam. I've lost a week's sleep over it already.
You killed him?
I did not get the wrong man. I got the right man. The wrong man was delivered to me as the right man! I accepted him, on trust, as the right man. Was I wrong? Anyway, to add to the confusion, he died on us. Which, had he been the right man, he wouldn't have done.
You got the wrong man.
Well, your A. Buttle has been confused with T47/215, an A. Tuttle. I mean, it's a joke! Somebody should be shot for that. So B58/732 was pulled in by mistake.
No, no, I don't. I'm just beginning Honestly. Sorry, carry on.
Christ! You do know it all!
B58/732, that's A. Buttle isn't it?
OK. OK. Let's not fence around ... This is the situation. Some idiot somewhere in the building, some insect, confused two of our clients, B58/732 and T47/215.
Not really, no.
Enough though, eh?
Not much.
How much do you know?
How do you mean?
Please, Sam, we're going to have to be open to each other on this one. If you make a reputation with this case, it'll be at my expense.
Am I?
You clever bastard! I might have guessed. You only moved in today and you're already hot on the bloody trail.
What is it?
Layton! Oh shit!
I've got numbers all over these - I'm not sure which is the one you want.
OK. Come back this afternoon, about four o'clock. If you give me the number of the case, I'll have the dossier here waiting.  My tailor,... well worth the investment.
I don't want to take up your time now, but I was hoping you could give me some information on somebody. It's a security level three matter and Information Retrieval records says to refer to you.
What?
Ah ...
Terrific. I'm really glad you dropped by. Unfortunately, I don't have any time right now I've got a queue of customers to deal with - er, why don't we have a drink tonight?
Yes, thanks.
For my sins. Are you settling in alright?
Thanks. Are you officer 412/L?
Sorry about that ... Mr Helpmann told me you were coming aboard - congratulations!
Are you officer 412/L?
SAM! What a surprise!
Jack!!
Mr Helpmann!
Quite, absolutely - I always thought they were false.
Dr. Jaffe has pinned her ears back.
What? - Oh, yes - vividly. I used to wonder if they were real.
Remember how they used to stick out?
Er, I knew you looked different.
{winking at Sam) She doesn't like me telling anyone but she's pleased as anything really.
You remember Alison?
Hello, Jack!
Really? - God, how time flies!
Triplets.
Yes, I know, fantastic, marvellous, wonderful - remember me to Alison - and the - er - twins.
Sam, your life is going wrong - let your friends tell you - Records is a dead end department, no Security Level worth a damn, it's impossible to get noticed -
Even later.
You are late.
Sorry. Nothing.  See you - I'm going to be late.
What's the matter?
Me? - if I'm worried about anyone, it's you. What happened to you, Sam? You were the brightest of us -
You sound worried.
Problem? - No problem - yes, everything's going fantastically well, wonderful, marvelous, great career prospects, Alison in great shape, kids fine, beautiful home, I'm on Security Level Five now, and Mr Helpmann relies on me more and more, yes, couldn't be better, I feel terrifically motivated and job- rewarded -
Well, since you disappeared up the ladder of Information Retrieval ... I don't expect to see you slumming in Records - what's the problem?
Long time no see!
Jack!
Sam!
Well don't. You're looking at twenty pounds of high explosive! And if you don't stamp this form I'm going to blow the place up!
Oh.
I bet you'd like to touch them?
Ah.
You think these are tits don't you?
If you say so.
You're a stupid, fat arsed, obstructive, fascist moron aren't you?
You've just said yourself, Miss, we've already stamped it. Why should we stamp it twice?
But you've stamped this form before! Why won't you stamp it now?
Information Adjustments.
Where do I get it stamped?
No, there's no stamp on it. You see! I can't give you the form until it's stamped.
Stamped?
Is it stamped?
Yes.
Have you got an Arrest Receipt?
I've been to Information Adjustments. They sent me here. They told me you had a form I had to fill in.
You want Information Adjustments. Different department.
I want to report a wrongful arrest.
You don't exist any more. I've killed you. Jill Layton is dead.
What do you think? ... is it me?
Take care.
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
Don't do anything silly.
I'm going to pull some strings. It's our only hope.
Where are you going?
Make yourself at home. Don't answer the phone or open he door to anyone. I won't be long.
C'mon. We've got to get out of here.
Don't you like parties?
Yes.
Are you sure?
They're gone.
No. No. I'm fine. I was worried sick about you ... I thought ...
Your face ... are you hurt?
What happened to you after ...
Yes.
Jill! What are you do ... I mean ... how did you ... Are you alright?
No you're not!
I'm going to open it!
Oh ... Jesus!
........... It's a bomb isn't it?
I saved you from the lorry and you're not very special.
I vas just trying to help. I decided to trust you. Maybe I was wrong. Whose side are you on really? Who are your friends? Who was the man who gave you the parcel? What's in it? It's the only thing you saved from the lorry .... It must he something very special.
You mean you were meant to hijack my truck, make me crash it, and have every security man in town looking for me?
You've got to trust me. It sounds silly but I know we were meant to meet.
Leave me alone!
There are plenty of other safe places. Why don't we go back to my flat?
Go away.
Please, Jill ... I love you.
Are you still following me?
This is a hell of a time to buy a nightie.
Yes.  Come out, I know you're in there
"Lady bird, lady bird, fly away home, your house is on fire and your children all gone" ... Do you think anyone's hurt?
What?
"And your children all gone."
Shit! The house is on fire!
It wasn't supposed to happen like this.
We? Don't blame me!
Oh God! What have we done?
Come on, let's go! Let's get out of here!
Sam ... we can't outrace them. You'll kill us!
Now you're the one that's out of your mind.
Let go! We've got to stop!
I was right! Step on it!
Stop it ... damn you!
Turn!
Get away!
Will you please turn back.
Cut it out, Sam.
Yes ... but, this is real. Now, stop! 
I thought you arrested me.
No. Please. They're going to arrest you.
You're joking.
Security.
Who will?
They'll be there waiting.
What?
Turn around!
Every day?
Well, almost ... unfortunately I do have to punch in by 5.00 every day.
What? I thought you were free to come and go as you please.
Look at that - right on time.
Actual. terrorists? Well ... it's only my first day.
How many terrorists have you met? Actual terrorists?
Well, terrorists of course.
Who is this war against, Sam?
Well, all wars do -
Say, all wars have innocent victims.
Well, no system is.
Why don't you say, no system is perfect.
They couldn't be worse for the Buttles.
Things would be worse without Information Retrieval.
We've got both.
What do you mean? Would you rather have terrorists?
Don't you know the sort of thing that Information Retrieval does?
Suit me?
I mean, it doesn't suit you.
Really.
No, really.
Looking for you.
What are you doing in Information Retrieval?
A heavy Christmas present.
It's heavy.
What parcel?
OK. What's in the parcel?
What does it look like ... I'm collecting empties.
What's going on here?
Where are you taking me?
It does doesn't it?
Ah ... Er ... It looks as if you're taking me.
Where are you taking me?
What?
Where are you taking me?
It had a hole in the floor. Where are we going?
Why not?
I didn't like it.
Why?
I didn't run away. I left the flat.
Yes. Ceiling. Why did you run away?
I know you. I saw you through the floor, didn't I?
Yes, of course. Sorry.
It's my fucking life.
You know, smoking's bad for you.
I don't know.  Hey, that's not a very nice thing to say.
Why are they all pigs at Information Retrieval?
Oh. But ... Look, I'm sorry I shouted at you.
I don't want to hear about your fucking dreams!
... This is amazing ... for me ... being here with you. I mean, in my dreams you ...
Oh, sorry.
Don't litter my cab!
Us. Them. I don't know ... just get going.
Them?
Alright! Alright! Alright! I'm Information Retrieval Officer -  DZ/015, and I'm arresting you for - your own good! Now start up and get moving before I hand you back to them! 
Please!
No.
Bloody hell! Do as I say!
Who are you?
What are you doing? For Christ's sake! Get moving!
Good!
Ow! That hurt!
How can I act naturally, when you've trying to break my arm?
Don't look back! Act naturally!
Who are you? Let go!
Mrs Buttle, are you alright?
It's you ... it's you ...
Are you alright?
Yes ... No ... I don't, know.
It's what you wanted isn't it?
What! Shit!
I did it for you.
I never signed the form.
Yes.  NO! You can't! You've only just turned it down! 
I've go to accept that promotion to get behind this, haven't I?
All enquiries to Information Retrieval. Which is hopeless, of course. They never tell you anything. But come the time they want something from us ...
I know that.
All information on 3rd Level Suspects is classified.
You don't happen to know how I can get around an IRQ/3 do you?
What's the matter?
Damn! Blast!
Yes.
Can I forget it?
I delivered it.
Is it all right about Mrs Buttle's cheque?
Don't mention it. See you later.
You are good to me Sam.
That's it.
Here.
Oh God! I think I've broken a bone. What a pathetic thing I am.
Here we are. Pink and blue receipts. All you've got to do is sign these and the back of the cheque.
Of course, of course. Leave it to me. How do I authorize a cheque?
Call the motor pool and authorise personal transport.
Here. What do I do next?
Drive out to Mrs Buttle, give her the cheque, tell her to sign her name on the back, cash it at the corner sweet shop.
What?
You'd never get away with it. Besides, you can't do that to somebody's refund. It's Christmas. There is one more option.
Well, that's it! I may as well go and hang myself! This sort of thing couldn't have happened before the stupid seventh tier reorganization! That was Simmons doing! And he and Jeffries always sit together at lunch! The bastards!  Ow!  Perhaps we can lose it ... behind the filing cabinet ... or destroy it ... burn it ... eat it ...
Problem. She doesn't have a bank account.
27156789/074328/K.
There we go. Mrs. Veronica Buttle. What's the number on the cheque?
Next of kin!
Try next of kin.
Dead! Oh no! That's terrible! We'll never get rid of the damned thing! What are we going to do?
He is dead.
Hang on.
I've tried that! Population Census have got him down as dormanted, the Central Collective Storehouse computer has got him down as deleted, and the Information Retrieval have got him down as inoperative ... Security has him down as excised., Admin have him down as completed
Send it to somebody else. Send it to Buttle. It's his cheque.
We've got to get rid of it! There's been a balls-up somewhere, and when the music stops they'll jump on whoever's holding the cheque!
I've never seen a Ministry cheque before.
I mean, Buttle! It's been confusion from the word go! He's been wrongly charged for Electromemorytherapy and someone somewhere is trying to make us carry the can!
Tuttle?
The refund for Tuttle!
A cheque.
What a BITCH!
It's your mother isn't it? Pulling strings again.
You've been promoted.
Really.
Would you really, Sam?
I've told you before. I'd turn it down.
But if they did promote you
Don't worry.
What a relief! I don't know what I'd do if you ever got promoted.
Expediting has put in for electrical procedures in respect of Buttle, Archibald, shoe repair operative, but Security has invoiced Admin for Tuttle, Archibald, heating engineer
Oh, good!
Information Retrieval.
Isn't it? Whose is it?
It's not our mistake!
Oh my God, a mistake!
It's not the machine. There's a mismatch on the personnel code numbers... Ah there we go! That's a B58/732 when it should be a T47/215 ... Tuttle ... he should have 31.06, debited against his account for electrical procedures, not Buttle.
Perhaps the machine's on the blink! It keeps picking up old films. That can't he right, can it?
Sorry, a bit busy at the moment.  You seem to have quite a lot to do yourself. 
Lime, I need to use your computer
Gillian Layton - Suspect S/5173. Truck driver! All enquiries, reference officer 412/L - Room 5001.  That's what I wanted to know. Thank you very much.
Hey - that's my desk!
Oh - yes. Look you're putting me off, standing there! Go back to your office and I'll give you a knock when I've finished.
You haven't switched it on.
Sod it, it's broken!
You must be joking -  When there's a woman involved - there's no stopping me. Now, let me have that sheet.
What?  Look, let me use the console for a few minutes.
This is your dream girl, is it?
I know her age and distinguishing marks. But I need an address or a place of work or something
A woman eh? I see.
Alright. There's someone I want to check out. A woman called Gillian Layton.
I'll tell you what .... You tell me what and I'll do it for. I'm a bit of a whizz on this thing. 
Yes.
You want to take my console into your office?
I'll bring it back in ten minutes.
What?
Ah.  Would you mind if I borrowed your computer console?
Ah, yes, you're the new boy from next door, ha ha!  My name's Lime. Harvey Lime. Welcome to Expediting.
Sam Lowry.
No, you can't have any more chairs! There's only one left in here now, and I need that to sit on!  Oh ... er, sorry. Who are you?
There are some who go to Dr. Jaffe's clinic who never come back at all.
How long will she he away?
I won't be held responsible.
Well, she's my mother, not yours.
She didn't say anything about it to me.
My mother said it would be all right.
I'm sorry Alma, I didn't mean to sound so ...
Numero une, crevettes  la mayonaaise. 
A most perceptive choice, Madam, if I may say so.  Monsieur?
Oh, to hell with the diet, a number eight, please.
We're meeting Mrs Terrain.
{suddenly unctious) Oh, but of course ...
You remember Samuel, my son.
I'm sorry but ...
Hello, Spiro. Merry Christmas.
Not now ... please
Mother? ... What ... what's ... you've got to help me ...
Sam!!! 
Actually, I've decided ...
It seems you're the first person ever to turn down a promotion. He thinks you should see a doctor.
I want to talk to him.
Yes he is - he wants to talk to you.
Is Mr Helpmann here?
Of course. Isn't it wonderful? The bandages came of this afternoon. Come and join the fun. Everybody's here.
Mother? Is that you?
Don't be childish, Samuel. Of course you want something. You must have hopes, wishes, dreams.
I'm sorry. I don' t want dessert. I don't want promotion. I don't want anything.
Sam ... you haven't had dessert.
Mother!
Actually, Alma, that's one of the little things I was dying to tell you ... Sam's been promoted to Information Retrieval.
By the way, I saw a wonderful idea for Christmas presents at the chemists. Gift tokens. Medical gift tokens.
This isn't rare!
What were we saying?
It's something for executives.
What is it?
I hope you like it. It's very exclusive.
You're not listening, mother.
Mr Helpmann was very close to your poor father. He was very close to me. Still is. He'll take you under his wing at Information Retrieval. You'll like it when you get there.
No you're not. Jack Lint is a lesson to you - he never had your brains but he's got the ambition. You haven't got the ambition but luckily you've got me. And Mr Helpmann. Mr Helpmann was very close -
I just wish you would stop interfering, mother! I don't want promotion. I'm happy where I am.
He hadn't done anything ... He was good ... What have you done with his body?
Uh ...
Um ...
What have you done with his body?
Er ... I assure you Mrs Buttle, the Ministry is always very scrupulous about following up and eradicating error. If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
My husband's dead, isn't he?
Yes. Not my department ... I'm only records. It seems that Mr Buttle was overcharged by Information Retrieval. I don't think they usually make mistakes ... but, er ... I suppose we're all human.
Mistake?
It's a refund ... I'm afraid there was a mistake.
Shirley and I come here regularly. I love romantic lingerie.
Er, yes ...
My complication had a complication, but Dr Chapman says I'll soon be up and bouncing about like a young gazelle. Are you buying a Christmas present for your mother?
I think that'll hold it.  Hello Shirley. Just helping someone tie up a Christmas present. How are you?
Ah ... hello, Mrs Terrain. SAM lets go of the parcel and pushes JILL away. She moves off.
I ... uh ...
Here we are! I'm going to leave you two lovebirds in peace.
I know, I know ...!
Actually, there's someone I want to meet ...
There was a slight complication. Dr. Chapman says it often happens with a delicate skin like mine. Nothing to worry about. He's promised me I'll have these bandages off in a ...
Whatever happened to you?
What? Now? It's my lunch hour.
Really, Sam - when are you going to do something about these terrorists?
Numero trois, steak.  Monsieur, Mesdames, Bon appetit.
That's all right Ida ... it's just that he's such an artist. To him, cutting is so crude ... so primitive.
Numero deux, duck a l'orange. 
It's too exciting. I've left Dr Jaffe and gone to Dr. Chapman.
Numero huit, braised veal in wine sauce. 
Thank you, Spiro. Shirley, what are you going to have?
Between you and me, Madam, today the number two.
I can't make up my mind whether to have a number one or a number two. What do you recommend, Spiro?
What? Who is this?
Put the phone down and your hands up.
Who's that? 
Hello. Mr Lowry?
Hello ... hello ...
Thank you for calling Cen -
Yes, but. I've got to have a heating engineer
Thank you for calling Central Services. I am sorry, due -
This is an emergency!
Thank you or calling Central Services. am sorry, due to temporary staff shortage, Central Services cannot take service calls centrally between 2300 and 0900 hours - have a nice day - this has not been a recording, incident-
Hello - Central Services - I'm at 579B Block l9, Northwestern Section D - that's exit 1 on Green Pastures Highway at the Orange Blossom Flyover - and I've got trouble with the air- conditioning
Thank you, Dawson.
I'm glad to see the Ministry's continuing its tradition of recruiting the brightest and best, sir.
And you can't tell me what the proper channels are, because that's classified information?
I'm afraid I can't, sir. You have to go through the proper channels.
Excuse me, Dawson, can you put me through to Mr Helpmann's office?
No you couldn't, sir. This is Information Retrieval.  the lift's arrived, sir.
But I could be anybody.
No need, sir
My I.D. cards.
No, sir.
Er, don't you want to search me?
Thirtieth floor, sir. You're expected.
My name is Sam Lowry. I have to report to Mr Warren.
Madam ... CUT to WOMAN turning, half in flirtatious conversation. It is SAM's MOTHER, but miraculously another twenty years younger and ... a parody of SAM's Dream Girl.
what? ... Oh ... 
Numero, trois.
I don't know which numero.
Monsieur. Quel numero.
A steak, please. Rare.  Mother, I need to ...
Ah yes, the lady is waiting.
Are we?
It's a 27B/6 of course.
What is it?
Thermostat's gone. And then some.
For God's sake, what's happened?
Why not? All you've got to do is blow yer nose and fix it, haven't you?
Hang on! Wait a minute! You can't just go and leave it like this!
Who fixed your ducts?
What?
It's a 27B/6, what did you think it was?
What is it?
Sign here please.
Emergency procedures.
What the - ? How did you - ?
We'll be back.
I'm sorry, but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures?
It's all right, Terry, it's all right, everything's all right.
But we can get one.
Not ... as such ...
Have you got one or haven't you?
Now look what you've done to him.
Fixed itself.
I mean it fixed itself.
Fixed?
No, not at all. I mean, it's all right. It's fixed.
Central Services.
Yes?
On the house. You did me a favor. Check the corridor.
Thank you very much. How much will it...?
Time to go.
What do they want you or?
My friends call me Harry. Information Retrieval, eh? Interesting!
Listen .. um ... I don't want to get involved in any of this. But I work at the Ministry of Information, and I happen to know that Information Retrieval have been looking for an Archibald Tuttle, Heating Engineer. You wouldn't by any chance be -
No. Wait here.
Are you expecting anyone?
No. But I can bypass it with one of these
Can you fix it?
Why? I came into this game for adventure - go anywhere, travel light, get in, get out, wherever there's trouble, a man alone. Now they've got the whole country sectioned of and you can't move without a form. I'm the last of a breed. Ah ha! Found it!  There's your problem.
Well I suppose one has to expect a certain amount
The paperwork, couldn't stand the paperwork.  Over to the left please, if you don't mind sir. Hold it there. Yes, there's more bits of paper in Central Services than bits of pipe - read this, fill in that, hand in the other - listen, this old system of yours could be on fire and I couldn't even turn on the kitchen tap without filling in a 27B/6.... Bloody paperwork.
The pace?
Couldn't stand the pa - ah - we're getting warm -
Sorry. wouldn't it be easier just to work for Central Services?
... but, with all the new rules and regulations ... unncgh, c'mon, c'mon ... they can't get decent staff any more ... so ... they tend to turn a blind eye ... as long as I'm careful.  ... Mind you, if ever they could prove I'd been working on their equipment ... well, that's a different matter ... up a bit with the torch, sir.
Well, yes ... and no. Officially, only Central Service operatives are supposed to touch this stuff ... Could you hold these.
Are you saying this is illegal?
A little precaution, sir. I've had traps set for me before now. There are people in Central Services who'd love to get their hands on Harry Tuttle.
What?
They're a bit overworked these days. Luckily I intercepted your call.
But ... I called Central Services.
Ha!!
Tuttle! Are you from Central Services?
Harry Tuttle. Heating engineer. At your service.
What is this?  Who the hell are you?
Nice and easy now. Keep your hands where I can see them.
Go on, get outta here, Pierce, before I give you a big hug.  I love this guy.
What if there is no tomorrow?
I got some forms here to fill out about that accident when you get the time.  I'll fire you tomorrow. I promise.
No ...
You're late, Pierce. I know, but I can't fire you. I've got nobody to work sixteen XRay with Walls.
I'm sorry, Pierce.  You're going out with Marcus. Duty calls. The City needs you.
I don't think a week's gonna do it.
I'll fire you tomorrow. Hell, better than that, I'll forward you some sick time. A week, two weeks off-- how about that?
You swore you'd fire me if I came in late again.
I feel for you, but we got an emergency here. It's a weekend of full moons.  Everyone's called in sick. Larry, Veeber, Stanley too. We need bodies out there. I had to put Marcus on Twelve Young. You know he's not supposed to work two nights in a row.
You know they won't do it. It's up to you. You gotta be strong.
Nobody tells me to fire anyone. I told them: shove it up the big one.  Sorry.  I said, you want to fire him, come over and do it yourself.
I'm sorry Captain. Don't take it too hard.
I've never fired anyone in my life.
It's okay. I'll just get my things out of the locker.
You're killing me, you know that? You got no sick time according to Command. I've been told to terminate.
I'm sick. That's what I've been telling you.
What am I going to to do with this guy?  Pierce, I was just on the phone with Borough Command. Out of twelve shifts this month, you've been late for nine, sick four and that includes the shift where you came late and went home early.
It's a miracle.
You can trust me on this one.
Es impossible.
She's having a baby. Twins.
Is she dying?
Thanks for the translation.  What's your name? Nombre?
She say she in great pain.
Can you walk? Puedes caminar?
Are you pregnant? Estas embarazada?
No, no, that's impossible.
Pregnant.
No English. She has terrible pain in her belly.
We are virgins.
No underwear?
Never. No cigarettes, no drugs, no booze.
In that time, you ever have sex?
Two years. Ever since we left island.
You know each other a long time?
Stressed? He's psycho.
Be cool, man. You're having a paradoxical reaction. It can happen.  Didn't I tell you this guy was stressed out?
He flipped out.
Frank, take it easy. what happened?
He's not a cop, he's a medic.  I'm CY Coates.
He looks like a cop.
It's okay, Kanita. Come on in.
Mary ...
Hey Cy, guess who's here?
Boy can't shoot for shit, either. Goddamn that's hot.
No.
That's too bad. Get some money, a nice looking girl on your arm, and everyone wants to take a piece. Some kid I wouldn't let wash my Mercedes is in my house, shooting at me. Damn, I thought I could make it onto the balcony like Tiger. He's fat, that's why, falls faster. I'm trying to watch my weight, and look what happens. Am I shot, Frank?
Dead.
What about Kanita?
I was tired. I needed a coffee.
I've been thinking about things. Meditating on my financial future. You guys gave me plenty of time to meditate on the future. Whatja do, stop for Chinese on the way over? There's plenty of food in my place.
You're going to live.
So, Frank, am I going to live?
I can't hold up my head anymore.
They're gonna torch the fence. You're gonna feel the metal getting warm, maybe very warm.
No!
Does that hurt?
Just take it easy.
I guess I'll be going.
That's the stuff. I call it the Red Lion. Very king-of-the-jungle.
Is this what you gave Mary?
Sleep is all stress reduction. Here.  You take one of these, sleep two hours, that's all you need.  Why do you think I'm telling you this, Frank--for my health?  You ought to look at yourself in the mirror, man. Kanita, get him a glass of water.
I should be going. I just quit.
Red Death?  Tell me something, Frank--does killing your clients make good business sense to you? The kids selling that shit have no sense. They'll be taken care of, don't worry about that.
Did you give Mary something called Red Death?
That shit is poison, Frank. We don't drink alcohol here. What you need is one of these.
Got a beer?
I'm always interested in people in stressful occupations and being a paramedic is about as stressful as I can imagine. Here, sit down. What's it like? Tell me some war stories.
Mary, we really have to go.
She wanted something to help her sleep.
I better just go in and see her.
I know, but she told me to tell you she wants to crash here a few hours. Terrible about her father, isn't it?
She asked me to pick her up.
Sleeping in the back.
Where is she?
Mary said you might be coming.
Frank Pierce.
Ten-four.
Male diff breather, approximately 30, Houston and A.
Let's do it!  It's Marcus, Love, only for you.
Ten-four, hon.
You're going to three-four Avenue C, 17 year-old female cardiac arrest, no further information.
Don't worry, hon. Young is here and he's gonna help out--just remember, you owe me.
I can't wait all night, Young. I'm holding a priority and if you don't answer I'm going to knock you out of service.
She said to me, I love the way you talk on the radio.
Twelve Young, answer the radio. I have a call for you.
Ten-four, hon.  This is for you.
I'm not your baby, Young, I'm not your mother either. You're going to a cardiac arrest, Avenue C and Ninth, northeast corner. It's a club. Take the side entrance.
I usually don't do calls before coffee. But I think it might do you some good.  Twelve Young is here and I'm gonna take care of you, baby. Don't you worry about a thing, yahear, cause Marcus is alive and on arrival.
Twelve Young, I don't have time for your games. Now answer me or do I have to come out there myself?
What'd you mean IB Bangin? What kind of name is IB Bangin?
IB Bangin.
What's his name?
All right, all right, he's been snorting that Red Death stuff. Been going for four days.
He's dead and there's nothing we can do. Come on, Frank, that's it.
No way, man.
No. He's dead.
He's going to be all right, right?
Okay, what happened?
The pitch, high heater. Bucky knows what's coming. He steps in, smash, over the green monster.
Oh man, Bucky.
What the hell.  The next year, tiebreaker for the division, in Boston, Yanks down two to nothing, Bucky Dent steps to the plate.
Yeah?
Sure, sure, give go.
No, I'd better not.
Here, you try.
Strawberry ain't shit. Drug pussy.  Me.  I swing like Reggie. Mr. October. Number three, game six, World Series.
That's a hell of a swing you got there, Noel. I'm thinking Strawberry in his prime.
Shut up. You're going to die and he's not. Got it.
What did you say?
You're not going to die.
Well, you have your choice: pills, injection, gas.
Oh man, do you mean that?  Thank you man, thank you. How?
Noel, you didn't let me finish. We have rules against killing people on the street. Looks bad, but there's a special room at the hospital for terminating. A nice quiet room with a big bed.
No, no medicine!
You came out of the hospital. You were tied down and hallucinating. You got some bad chemicals in your head, Noel. There's some medicine at the hospital that will fix that.
See, I can't do it. I came out of the desert.
I can't. I have to stay with my patient.
Excuse me. You are a very kind man. I can see that. A man like you could not refuse a poor sick dying helpless man a small cup of water.
Come on up.
Frank.
Who is it?
There's no time.
This is not a good time.
No, the city doesn't discriminate. It gets everybody.
No, we just ate. I only remember how tough my father was. Now I know he had to be like that, to make us tough. This city'll kill you if you aren't strong enough.
Can I bring you something back to eat--a falafal, some pizza?
I wish these people would leave already. I can't listen to another story. Did you see him?  That doctor says the brain is coming around. They're waiting for the heart to stabilize. I don't know who to believe. He says they still have to keep him tied up.
No problem. Thanks for letting me crash. It was the best sleep I've had in months. I used some of your soap.
OK, last night I was weak. it won't happen again. And all that shit I said--it was just because I was stoned. Forget it.
It'll be a while before he's up and running again.
Too bad. He called me up today, can you believe that? I don't know how he got my number. He asks me do I want to come over and see him, I tell him I'd rather go to a leper colony. He says there's a new gang that wants to kill him, take over the business. I told him I hope he's right. That they kill him. That's what I told him.
He'll be all right.
I heard CY Coates was brought in. He looked pretty bad.
Or maybe you wanna fuck me? Everyone else has.
I need to sit down a minute.
What is it? You want to help me, you feel sorry for me? Keep it to yourself.
Because you can barely walk.
You and CY have a nice talk? He tell you about Sunrise Enterprises, helping people? Well, I've seen him hurt people. Why are you following me?
No, no.
Mary. Mary, we've got to get going.
Don't be a cop. If you have any doubts about this, it's my fault.
We can still go back. I'll walk you home. You sleep a couple of hours, watch some TV, take a bath.
I just have to relax a little. Not feel so guilty all the time.
Fifteen minutes.
Promise you won't go inside.
You asked me not to come.
I shouldn't have asked you to come.
No, I'll be fine. I'm just visiting a sick friend.
Nothing's going to happen. I'll come with you.
If I'm not back in fifteen minutes, hit the buzzer. That way she'll let me go.
Maybe I should come up with you.
I'm only asking because it's a dangerous building. There's been some robberies, a woman was raped not long ago. This woman I'm seeing, she'll want to talk to me all day, but if I can point to you out the window and say you're waiting, I can be out quick. if anything happens, I'll be in apartment 16M.
Okay.
Don't say that. I wanted to cut my father loose too. They told me he almost died and five minutes later they say he's better and I go in. It's killing me seeing him fighting like that.  Look, since you're here, maybe you could do me a favor. I need you to wait for me outside this building, okay? I have to visit a friend who's sick.
Don't seem so bad to me.
I'm all right. I just can't stand to see people tied up.  I'm in the waiting room for hours, listening to Noel screaming. The only reason he's screaming is 'cause he's tied up.
Excuse me. You seemed like you were in trouble.
Sure.
I better go check on my father. Thanks for the pizza. I owe you one. Maybe when he gets better, you know, when we're done with all this.
Mostly. It must be my face. My mother always said I looked like a priest.
Maybe not. I was a different person then. Does everybody you meet spill their problems on you like this?
I think I'd remember that.
You must get a lot of overdoses. I bet you picked me up a couple of times.
You learn to sort of block it out, you know, like cops fence off a crime scene. But then something good will happen and everything will just glow.
Wow, you musta seen some things, huh? What's the worst thing you ever seen?
Five years.
How long you been doing this?
It's been bad lately, but it's always bad.
Ah, no. I was.  It's hard to explain. She had a hard time adjusting to, well, maybe it was my fault too.
You married?
They're fine. My old man was a bus driver, mom a nurse--I was sort of born to it, I guess.
Like everybody else--except us. Always standing on the sidewalk waving goodbye to moving trucks. Your parents ... ?
We moved out after that. Upstate.
On yeah? I went to Holy Name. Where'd you go to high school?
I grew up on Elizabeth. I went to Blessed Sacrament.
Yeah, or Saint Anthony. You from the neighborhood?
You remember that pizza place, Joe's on Tenth Street maybe fifteen years ago?  When you ordered a pie it came with a little plastic madonna in the middle?
Not as good as Nino's.
It's best not to ...  It's good pizza, huh?
My father was a great man, you know. There was nobody he wouldn't help. You know that crazy guy Noel who I gave water to last night? He lived in our house for almost a year. A total stranger he'd do anything for, his own family though ...
Look, I'm sorry, but it's important to me. I mean, a week ago I was wishing he was dead. And now I want hear his voice again, just once more-- you know what I mean?
He's better.
He's better, though, right?
That's how it's done. You have to keep the body going until the brain and heart recover enough to go on their own.
You sure? I know my father would hate to be tied down. He wouldn't even go to the dentist.
He wants to pull that tube out. It's pretty painful--that's why they keep him sedated--but it's a good sign.
Okay.
Be tough to get a taxi here. We can give you a ride if you like.
You can't kill my father that easy. He'll fight forever. Like with me: hasn't talked to me in three years. But it's okay. Sometimes you have to put things behind you.
I was just going to get some food. Pizza. Maybe we could.
Sleeping.
How is she?
I was going nuts in that waiting room so I came back to check on my mom.
I think it looks good.
I know. It's awful, isn't it? Night of the Living Cheerleaders.
You look so different.
I knew. I sensed it when I heard your voice.
Well, the doctor says he's showing some movement. It's still early, it might mean nothing, but I thought you'd want to know.
He's better, isn't he?
I'll be right down.
Hello, I'm Frank Pierce, from the ambulance last night. I brought your father into the hospital and I just learned some news.
Yes?
I'd take her, but then who would stay here?
She should go home.
My father's in a coma, now my mother's going crazy. It's like she's in a trance.
Thing is, I'm supposed to be the fuckup. The one on the stretcher in there--that's supposed to be me. With my parents crying out here. I got a lot of guilt, you know what I mean?
He's working a double shift.
It's crazy in there. What's wrong with that doctor? He keeps mumbling, poking himself in the eye when he talks to me.
No.
Did you see my father?
Our Lady of Misery.
I think this place stinks.
Yes.
He's dead, huh?
Yes.
That boy you brought in, he was shot, wasn't he?
That's my brother's problem. He's passed out inside.
It's okay. They're prescription.  Works better with a little whiskey.
You shouldn't smoke.
That's what I told her. If she could just see him a second, then I could take her home.
Go home. Take her home. Get some rest. Not going to find anything out now.
Right now, I'm more worried about my mother than anything. They won't let her see my father.
Even when you say the things, there's always more things.
I'm not so sure. My father and I haven't spoken in three years. When my brother called to say my father was having a heart attack, that he'd locked himself in the bathroom, all the way going over I was thinking how I was gonna tell him what a bastard he was. Then when I got up the stairs and we moved him onto the bed, I thought of all these other things I wanted to say.
At least he's got people around him.
I mean if he was dead, I could handle that.
You never know.
It's the waiting that's killing me, not knowing, you know? It's really hard on my mother. The doctor doesn't think my father'll make it. He says he was dead too long, after six minutes the brain starts to die and once that goes, close the door.
The first is always the best.
It's my first cigarette in over a year.
It's not so rare. He grew up on our street. He's had a rough life and he's a little crazy from it, but that's no excuse for not giving someone a lousy cup of water.
I wouldn't do that.  The doctor seems to think he's suffering from some rare disorder.
I guess there's always a chance.
Is there any chance?
We'd better go outside. Quickly.
I know him. That's Noel.
He's very very sick.
His heart's beating.
Is he going to be alright?
John, play the Sinatra.
Music. I think it helps if you play something he liked.
What?
Do you have any music?
You can't leave me now.
I quit! I'm through!
Where you going?
Greatest job in the world.
Here's to the greatest job in the world.
I'll drink to that.
Please, a little decorum if you will. What I was going to say is, is that holding that baby in my arms, I felt like I was twenty-one again. A call like that makes me think of going back to three nights a week, not two, start running again, cut down on the drinking.
I hate vodka.
I don't want to hear about it, okay? That's three jobs for the night. It's over. Three jobs and time for a drink. Six am, the cocktail hour. Pass the bottle; I know you're holding.
We just saved a little baby boy. Think of it that way.
You know what I'm talking about. It's all over your face. That I-just- saved-a-little-baby-boy look.
What look?
Don't give me that look.
It's coming.
Backup?
That's too many.
Three legs.
What's that, Frank?
It's coming.  Hold her down.
What's wrong.
Look at that. A fat junkie. That's a first.
I need a drink, that's all.
No, you didn't, Frank, thank you. But there's still a couple hours left on the shift.
She wasn't looking at you, man, she was looking at me.
We're all whores, Frank. You know what I'm talking about, the way she looked at me.
She's no whore, Marcus.
Nice though, pulling back her hood as we drive by. There's a mystery to it, then she shows you.
You don't know the first thing about rule number three, cannot begin to understand the complexities of that rule. Come on, let's go look at some hookers. The Kit Kat will be letting out.  Don't ever call a junkie whore a crackhead. They get real mad.
What about rule number three: Don't get involved with dispatchers named Love.
Rule number one: Don't get involved with patients. Rule number two: Don't get involved with patient's daughters. You understand?
Thanks.
Went over to Sal's got this. There must be some place in Hell for a guy who sells a dollar-fifty a slice. I call you if anything comes up.
God help us, he's hungry too.
I'm hungry too. We gotta get some food after this.
Oh, Frank, you've got it bad, so much worse than I thought.
She's the daughter of a cardiac arrest I brought in last night. I told her we'd give her a ride back to Misery. Her father's showing signs of improving.
Who's that?
Make a left here. I want to stop.
No, you never listened. I was going, man, if someone on high hadn't pulled me in. I had put all I had into saving this dumbass lowlife suicidal that when he went down, there was a part of me that wanted to go with him.
Where the guy jumped and you almost fell. No, you never told me that story.
I ever tell you about the time years ago I was on this ledge uptown, trying to talk this psycho inside?
He's dead unless you folks want to stop bullshitting me and tell it straight. Then, Lord willing, we'll try to bring him back.
He's not dead. It's a heroin overdose. Break out the Narcon.
She loves me the way no woman ever has.
Is it true that you and Love went on a blind date?  She hit you with a bottle?
She only works when I'm on. I make her wait and it drives her crazy.
It can always get worse. You can't change what's out there, only where you're coming from. You got to let the Lord take over, in here. 
I think the worst is over.
You ever notice people who see shit always, are crazy?
The ghosts--
Nobody gets fired. Look at me. Only thing they might do is transfer you to the Bronx. You look like you aged ten years since I rode with you last.
The captain almost fired me tonight. I'm on my way out. Anytime now.
My Lord mother man, you look like hell. What were you drinking?
Upstairs. 212. Had to shock him twice more.
Where's Burke?
Crazy fucker.
No.
Jesus Christ. Nurse Crupp!  Anybody else hurt?
Last show of the night.
A medical miracle.
That's good, Frank. No, but they might surgically implant one, about the size of my thumb. It goes near the shoulder here, with two electrodes connected to the heart. It sends a shock whenever it senses a drop in blood flow. Amazing, isn't it?
What do you do, just have someone follow him around with a defribilator?
Fourteen. We finally got him a room upstairs. Should be up there in a couple of hours.
How many times have you shocked him tonight?
You can't believe how much he's improved.
Can't tell. It was a breech, twins. The other one seems okay, though. Marcus is taking him and the mother to Maternity.
Oh Jesus, put her on the monitor. Where's the pediatric code cart?  Odette give me that tube. All right, flatline--let's do CPR. step back, Frank. How many months?
I wanted to bring them in, to see if he'd respond to voices, but they weren't in the waiting room. The guy's daughter was in my face all last night and when I finally have something positive to tell her, she's gone.
The family know?
Who knows? It's all lower-brain-stem- activity. The heart refuses to stabilize--he's coded eleven times since he got here. This guy's a fighter. Every time the Valium wears off he starts yanking those restraints.
What do you think?
Burke. You won't believe it. He's showing cognitive signs. He started with spontaneous respiration, now he's fighting to pull out the tube. Had to sedate him. He's in a CAT scan. I'm giving him every test I can: thromboytics, steroids, nitrodrips, heparin.
That guy I brought in yesterday, post-cardiac arrest. He's gone.
No, that's Noel. Used to be a regular off and on, hasn't been in in a while. He seized and almost coded--I gave him a hypertonic solution. He drank so much the kidneys were taking out salt. One for the textbooks.
He one of them?
I hate pronouncing people dead over the phone.  Better, huh? They're fixed and dilated. He's plant food.
He got better.
Yes.
Would you like to come in?
You have to keep the body going until the brain and heart recover enough to go on their own.
I'm sorry.
He was tough. You did all you could.
He coded. They shocked him one too many times. I'm sorry.
How can that be? He was getting better.
He's dead, Rose. Your father passed.
You're crazy.
We're gonna save you, Noel. You're gonna be all right.  Do it, Tom! I'll call for fucking backup, I swear!
Frank!
Do it!
Frank!
Get the kit! We're gonna tube him!
You learn that in the army?
Believe me, it always works. The simpler, the better.
That's ridiculous.
If he sees me, he'll run, so I'll get out here. You start talking to him about baseball or something while I sneak around behind and get down and you push him. When he falls we get him.
Okay, whatta I do?
Look at that. Tell me that's a crazy person. Every move is calculated. He knows exactly what he's doing. This is the guy. I've been after him for weeks. He's quick, runs like a rat, tough for one person, but with two of us--
Well, why don't they put him away? Prisons don't want him. I took him to the hospital yesterday and here he is again.
He's crazy. He can't help it.
This guy's been terrorizing the neighborhood for weeks, ever since he got outta jail, wreaking general havoc, contributing to the bad name of the place. The term "menace to society" was made up for him.
Let me think.
What's the reason? Give me a reason, Tom.
You need a reason, Frank. You don't just go around breaking people's windows. That's anarchy.
Destruction, distraction. I feel the need.
Why?
I don't know--let's break some windows.
What do you want to break?
Let's break something, Tom. Let's bust something, bomb something.
That's your job. Just keep driving, keep moving. No stopping. We're sharks. We stop too long, we die.
Who with?
Let's get in a fight, then.
You want some bum in the bus terminal? We'll wait for a real call.
C'mon, Tom, pick up a job.
C'mon, look at your screen. Give up some blood!
As long as we keep moving. No standing still.
Get ready, Frank. Missed a drug shooting while you were dicking around in there. There's gonna be trauma tonight!
I haven't had a chance to see him yet. I'm going to take care of sleeping beauty.
How's he doing?
I don't think the fire people can touch him out there.
Well, he's the steakhead of the night, then.
Get this, Frank--we got two patients. Number one, the scarecrow outside. Number two misses the railing but breaks both legs on the balcony, then throws himself through a glass window, heads to the bedroom, where he's now passed out.
Better bring it all.
Whadda we bring?
That's all right, we're not meant to do Oh tonight. Something is going to happen. I can feel it.
It's early for him.
Mr. Oh.
I never felt better in my life.
You okay?
I've taken that into consideration.
The brakes are shot.
I feel the need, the need for speed. I'm driving out of myself.
Whatja doing?
C'mon, Tom. The city's burning.
Where you going?
Look out!
Tom, where are the Band-aids? This is an ambulance, isn't it?
Don't worry, kid. Tom'll take care of you. Put your head out the window, get some of that summer air. Listen to the music. El Toro de Oro. Andale. Pronto.
The cure's not working, Tom. Maybe we should go back to the hospital.
Ten-four. El Toro de Oro. Blast off.
Our mission is coffee, Tom. A shot of the bull, Puerto Rican espresso.
Look up, Frank. Full moon. The blood's gonna run tonight. I can feel it. Our mission: to save lives.
Great to be drunk. Sobriety's killing me.
Yeah. Great, isn't it?
These are hard times, Tom.
Come on, Frank. There's blood spilling in the streets.
I'm sick, Tom. I need a cure.  Vitamin B cocktail, followed by an amp of glucose and a drop of adrenaline. Not as good as beer, but all I got.
No prisoners. Don't worry, Frank, just a little psychological first aid.
It's not worth it, Tom. He's surrendering.
No way!
Stomach again.
One more time!
You're in the stomach! Let me try.
You sure?
You're in the stomach!
Used to be my partner.
Jesus, Tom Walls, that crazy motherfucker.
You really think so?
He's crazy.
Sure, I'm taking the captain's exam next year. After the kids are in school, Louise can go back to the post office and, I thought, what the hell, I'll start my own medic service. Out on the Island the volunteers are becoming salaried municipal. It's just a matter of time and who you know. Someday it's going to be Chief Larry calling the shots.
Tell me, you ever think of doing anything else?
Yeah, you're right.
You take things too seriously. Look at us, we're cruising around, talking, taking some quiet time, getting paid for it. We've got a good job here.
Take me back, put me to bed; I surrender. We've done enough damage tonight.
You have no sick time, Frank. No time of any kind. Everyone knows that.
I'm not feeling very well, Larry. I say we go back to the hospital and call it a night.
Relax, will you.
Larry, swing over on Eighth. We're gonna hafta run one of these calls.
Faster!
Faster! God!
He's drunk.
Well why didn't you say so?
Someone's gonna die someday causa that bum, going to have a cardiac and the only medics will be taking care of Mr. Oh.
They'll just keep calling.
It's not our job to taxi drunks around.
Relax, it's a street job, easy except for the smell. We'll just throw him in back and zip over to Mercy--no blood, no dying, that's how I look at it. He's just a drunk.
It's Mr. Oh. I'm not answering it.
Mr. Oh.
You're burned out.
Don't push it, Larry.
That's what we're here for. Come on, Frank.
You wanted it turned off. There's no such thing as a good fire. People get burned up. They can't breathe.
You know what. The radio.
What?
Turn it off.
Coffee and whiskey, lucky you ain't dead with that diet. Wait, I've got it. Half fried chicken with fries. Let's go, hurry up. Come on.
I eat. I just haven't had coffee yet.
Oh yeah, you don't eat food.
I'm not hungry.
I'm so stupid. I had beef lo mein last night. I can't eat the same thing two nights in a row. It's almost two o'clock, what the hell am I gonna do? What you getting?
What?
Oh no!--I just remembered.
Turn here. You missed it. The Chink is on 3rd.
I think the moment that food hits your mouth we'll get a job.
The Chinese close in five minutes. Beef lo mein. It's  been on my mind since I woke. Whatjathink?
No shit.
No we can't. He's got a pulse.
Ten-four.  Don't go. Not this time.
Yes, Zebra. You'll be driving to the man who needs no introduction, chronic caller of the year three straight and shooting for number four. The duke of drunk, the king of stink, our most frequent flier, Mr. Oh.
Look, Frank, when I say don't answer it, that means answer it.  You can do that for me at least.  Three Zebra.
Thirteen Zebra. One-Three Zebra. You're going out of service in two seconds.
Four times this week I've had him. Aren't there any other units out there?  Don't answer the radio. They'll give it to someone else.
Answer the radio Zebra. You know it's that time.
No! It's three o'clock. That can only mean one thing.
Zebra, are you there? I'm holding an unconscious at First and St. Marks.
You see, he's giving it to us anyway.
One-three Zebra. Zebra three, I need you.
Why?
If you ever get restless in Portland, let me know.
Congratulations on history's longest winning streak.
It's nice to see you.
Are you any closer to a decision?
He excels at gratitude.
I'll see you back at the hotel.
Okay.
I thought she'd be here.  I'll go with you.
I'm just bringing him over to give Jane a look at him --
Well, this kid couldn't possibly belong to anyone else.  What's your name?
Hi.
No, I liked the way it made me sound. Okay.  Be good.  So long.
You know what I...
I'm going to miss you -- you're a prick in a great way...
This story they won't cover.  And if the network doesn't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry.
No.  I don't know how much fun it will be when Martin Klein and Ernie have to drop off their credentials with the security guard.
Yes.  You're not going to stick around for the farewell party?
Can I ask you something?  You only had one crew on the date rape piece, right?
Hold it down, okay?
It is.  Yes -- that's where they had Rorish, for God's sake, before they made him anchor.  I can't stand it -- they're grooming you for it all and you don't even know it.
I don't think so.
London.  That's a promotion!
London.
Yes.  And I'm sorry that they're sending you down for a while, but you'll make it back...Where they sending you?
You packing up tonight?
Why?  What did they do to you?
Impossible.  There's no system that wouldn't value one of us.
They booted me out of Washington.
What did they do with you?
I'll put her on.
No.  Don't worry about it.
Yeah -- well, I'm sorry I'm tying up Jane, I didn't realize you two would be going this late.  Sorry.
Everybody has one like that.  I thought it was great when you started to laugh at the end.
The pointers were great.  I'll study the tape.
You were smokin' toward the end there.
And the left side of your face is the good one.  Go again.  And try to punch one word or phrase in every sentence -- punch one idea a story.  Punch -- come on --
Oh, God, no!
Don't let your eyes go from the beginning of the sentence to the end like that.  You don't want to look shifty, do you?
No?
No.  No.
I'll find some copy.  Be right back.
It's not loaded.
No.  That's not going to tell us anything.  Let's get this prompter going.
Just don't physically...  Fantastic tip -- fantastic.
Sit on it!  <u>Now</u> look.
I don't like being handled.
Your coat jacket is rising up in back.
What?
Wait.
It just might not work for me because of our different approaches.
We sure do.  I don't mean it as a knock either.  Go ahead.  I'll just say what I think and you can disregard it if you want.
This is uncomfortable for me -- because, well, I don't mean it as a knock, but we approach this differently.
Nothing.  I think you really blew the lid off nookie.
What's wrong with it?
I'm in a pissy mood.  I'm sorry.
Fifty, right?
I'm starting to... We may do the capitols of the states.
You're feeling good, aren't you?
There are only ten.
Yes.
Okay.
Yes, Aaron.  I know the names of the Cabinet.
Don't name them.  Just tell me if you know.
We're conversing...Oh my, the names of the entire Cabinet has slipped my mind.  What are they?
Okay, let's drop it.  I didn't mean I'd take a test for you -- I mean if that came up in conversation I'd...
Can you name all the members of the Cabinet?
Never to pretend to know more than I did.
And the rule was...
I made one rule for myself when this started and I realized I was going to take a lot from you people because of being from sports...
Okay.  Pretty petty party, isn't it, pal?
Shut up a second...
You have the job you have...
I'm not buying into any of that.  I have a load to learn.  I'm not going to act as if...
You can't talk about feeling intimidated when you're on top of the world.  It's unseemly.
Oh, stop it.
You know the other day I really wanted your reaction to how we did with the Libyan report -- I was going to ask but I guess I feel a little intimidated with you.
Keep it to yourself.
Great.  Network news, Washington... I love it.  What do you do when your real life exceeds your dreams?
How <u>you</u> doing?
You've made my dreams silly.
What did I do to you?
Why don't you lead?  I'll just follow the flurry you cause.
You want to go out there --  get out of this for a second?
Same old stuff.  I'm watching a man who won three Overseas Press Awards pitch an hors d'oeuvre idea.
Hi, Aaron...What's doing?
Nice, Jane.
...outlaw nation but strangely those who have interviewed Gaddafi find him, in a phrase we like to use in this country, very 'presidential'.
You write this?
One source referred to it as a five billion dollar metal sculpture to ugly to look at and too big to bury.
Yeah.
Okay if I watch you tape that interview downstairs?
You're almost there, you can do it -- can do -- can do.
Shit, shit, shit...
Stop the tape, okay.  Forget it, Ellen.  Let's call security and get him out.
Ravenous homosexual.
Which would you prefer?
I don't like the word gay.
You're saying the fact that you're gay had something directly to do with your promotions?
Office Bimbo.  No, I'm sorry.
Eventually rising to...
I was there two years and was promoted on merit nine times.
You worked at one time as Foreign Service Trainee in the State Department.
Yes.
I might as well ask you the questions on tape.  Is that all right?
Yes.
That's your full name?
Yes.
It's Mr. Buddy Felton?
Well -- my wife got this new job...
I like it!  So, doll, what about you lately?
Well, we met about three months ago. He works at the surgeon general office. He loves boating.  So, he's been getting me into water skiing.
So who's the guy?
I'm going to take it.
Really?
I think so...They've been talking to me about being Tom's Managing Editor.
I hope so...  No.  I'm not really mad.  I'll miss you, we'll talk, we'll always be friends...we'll get hot for each other every few years at dinner and never act on it, okay?
You won't be able to stay mad at me, right?
I'll be walking with my wife and two children -- we'll bump into you on the street, my youngest son will say something and I'll tell him...  ...it's not nice to make fun of single, fat ladies.
Yes.
Okay, that's very easy.  Five, six years from now I'll be in town to collect an award representing the surge in foreign coverage by local stations.
You are now required to sit here with me.  Come on...be smart for a second -- what do you think will happen to us?
Maybe the best part of your life is over and you don't want to get up and start the bad part.
I just want to sit here longer, I mean the feeling is powerful -- why's that?
Let's go...
You're just trying to say all great stuff so I'll feel even worse that you're not around.
Ernie told this story.  How he used to write obits and when the people in town called him up with death notices, he cried.  He was till that way when they promoted him out of obits.  He says you're lucky if you can get out while you could still cry.  I should have quit this place  three years ago.
Tell me the God's honest truth -- are you leaving because of me? Because if you are...
Stop.  Ernie thought I was good too -- he couldn't help.  My agent has a hot prospect -- the number two station in Portland.  The general manager says he wants to be every bit as good as the networks.  Personally, I think he should aim higher.
Why not try it for a few weeks?
I just found out.  You didn't say anything to me?  You just resign? Will you meet me now? -- No, now! I'm going away tomorrow.  Please.
Speaking.
Bastard, sneak, quitter.
Hi.  Will I ever sing again?
Don't say anything about anything.
Sit down, stop.
I've got to not say that aloud; it takes too much out of me.
Yes, yes.  I know.  Right.  And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this...I grant you everything but give me this...he does personify everything you've been fighting against...And I'm in love with you.  How do you like that? -- I buried the lead.
You were quick enough to get Tom's help when...
Because we have the kind of relationship where if I were the Devil, you'd be the only one I told.
How?
No.  You know that I'm not.
I think you're the Devil.
What do you think the Devil is going to look like if he's around?  Nobody is going to be taken in if he has a long, red, pointy tail.  No.  I'm semi-serious here.  He will look attractive and he will be nice and helpful and he will get a job where he influences a great God-fearing nation and he will never do an evil thing...he will just bit by little bit lower standards where they are important. Just coax along flash over substance... Just a tiny bit.  And he will talk about all of us really being salesmen.  And he'll get all the great women.
This isn't friendship.
I know you care about him.  I've never seen you like this about anyone, so please don't take it wrong when I tell you that I believe that Tom, while a very nice guy, is the Devil.
Yeah -- being a basket case.
You can't end up with Tom because it goes totally against everything you're about.
Yes, I guess.  Yes.
Aaach...Jane...  Let's take the part that has nothing to do with me.  Let's let me be your most trusted friend, the one that gets to say awful things to you.  You know?
Let me think a second.  It's tough.
What?
Yeah.  Well...I think it is important for you too.  Sit down.
This is important to me.
Don't go.
No!!!!!
I don't know.  I may be in love with him.
Call him -- I mean it can wait, right?
I told what's his name -- Tom -- that I'd meet him.
I have to be somewhere.
I don't know.  At a certain point it was so off the chart bad -- it got funny.  My central nervous system was telling me something. Jane -- sweat running down my face -- makeup falling into my eyes -- people turning this fusillade of blow dryers on me -- all so I could read introductions to other people who were covering stories which is what I like to do anyway.  And I'm chipper because you finally showed up.  I thought I'd cook for us. Tequila and eggs sound good?
If all that happened, how come you're so chipper?
No, nice ones worried that I was having a heart attack.
There were complaining phone calls because you were sweating?
I'm not kidding.
Stop kidding.  I want to know what happened.
People phoned in.
What do you mean, flop sweat? -- you're making too much out of it...I'll bet you were the only one aware of it...
It was great...writing my little first rate copy, sitting on my jacket, punching my one thought. But I had this historic attack of flop sweat so they'll never let me another again.  Oh, I lost one of your shoulder pads -- how was your evening anyway?
Aaron, will you tell me?
I lost six pounds...
Then what was good about it?
No.
Do others feel that you did well?
No.
Do you feel good about it?
Define your terms.
Did it really go well?
Then it went well.
No.
You didn't see it or speak to anybody?
How'd it go?
You too.
Thanks, Jane.  Have a good time tonight.
Okay, great -- good luck.
<u>If</u>...if not, I'll have the tape...I'll wait for you at my apartment.
I'm not sure I'll be able to...I...
Me too...Hey...if it gets dull a little before 11:00, drop by the studio.
Well, the line of the jacket -- No really....just very nice...just right. I wish I could be there.
Yes.
As good as humanly possible.
Because this is important -- so don't just be polite.  I'd really like to look...what's the word I'm looking for?...
It's not a date.  It's co-workers going to a professional conclave.
Could you at least pretend that this is an awkward situation for you -- me showing up while you're getting ready for a date.
I read about it -- that's how you can make sure you don't put on too much perfume...
Yes...I was thinking that way too... Which tie?
Did you bring your grey suit?
I didn't know you were going with him.
Tom...why don't I meet you there? I've got some last minute stuff I've got to take care of...Hey, how did you resolve your dilemma -- did you rent the tux or buy it...I knew it. How much?  Wow...Okay...See you there...
They're not that dumb, after all.
Aaah --  -- ello.  You sure they said the management meeting?  They want me to be at the management meeting.
A long time.  I was restless. Will you crack my neck?
Jesus, Jane.  How long have you been here?
Good.
Yes.
Absolutely...You go have a good time... You have some place to go?
You know you've had a strange day... I'd sleep on all these things you've been thinking.
Which means I'm at their mercy and who wants that?...I'm not going to tell you where this thought led me... Anyway, well, why not  tell you? -- it's a happy thing.  In the middle of all this I start to think about something that does nothing but make me feel good and makes immediate sense and that's you ...And I'll stop here but, Jane, I'd give anything if you were two people so I could call up the one who's my friend and tell her about the one I'm in I...I don't think I should go any further.  Come on -- I'll walk you to the corner.
Sounds like you may be on to something.
I figured out exactly why it is I'm so hung up on getting a chance at weekend anchor...It's because if I do that well, they'll pay me more, treat me great and my life will be better.  That's why.
Well, whatever you think.
You're welcome.  Sow how does it feel to...I know you gotta go -- Me too.  We're very busy here.
Right and we have the '81 pilot on the way in -- Nobody else will have him.
Me again.  Hi.  Listen Gaddafi doesn't foam at the mouth or anything.  When you speak to him he's not at all nuts. He seems like a leader -- very impressive, self-control...that's what's so strange.
Thanks.  The F-14 is one of the most difficult planes to master.  Oh, you call them 'Tomcats' and in the 70's the first crop had a number of crashes.
I think the pilot that shot down the Libyan in 1981 is stationed right here.  Maybe you could get him -- and maybe Tom should say that our F-14 is one of the hardest planes to fly. They're nicknamed 'Tomcats'.
I'll come by your place, right after...drink, take pills... Love you.
Watch? --
I'll tell you later -- where you going to watch from?
What happened?
Not because you have to.
I write for you sometimes.
Can you believe it?  I just risked my life for a network that tests my face with focus groups.
To the pan of the supplies boxes --
We can cut back at the end.
Of course.
Did you shoot their boots?
Okay.  Great line at the end.
You spend too much time -- much too much worrying about that crap...  Oh good.
Last time Paul was sick they gave Connie the weekend news instead of me.
If we don't get to their camp soon, we won't be able to tape the supplies coming in.
I didn't sleep.  They're giving me less and less air time.  They don't think I'm at all anchor material.
Oh, God.  Back it, Bobbie -- Bobbie?
Eleven and a half.
Nine seconds.
You want to start going over who they could have gotten?  They can't take on people like this for network news.  For God's sake.  What's going on?
They didn't hire Peter Stiller from the <u>Times</u> and he had a great audition tape.
Call if you get weird.
Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive?  If needy were a turn-on?
Good night.
I'd give anything if that were true.
This conversation is not worthy of you.
Okay.  I feel like I'm slipping but do people who are actually slipping feel that way or is it always the really good people who are moving up who invariably think they're slipping because their standards are so high?
Sure.
Okay.  Let's do me.
Because nobody invites a bad- looking idiot to their bedroom.
Why do you say that?
He must have been great-looking, right?
No.  It makes me nervous to think about it.  Let's do this.
Where's where I asked him about being scared?  You should work on your speech.
Okay, I'll see you in the lobbies [<i>sic</i>].
A half hour in the lobby.
Now listen, Arnold just said that he's been making three million a movie now.  But he's not ever gonna change.  He's still the same person when he was making two million dollars a movie.  He feels no different.  He also bought a brand- new condo with Maria, they gonna furnish tastefully.
At six o'clock on the wake-up news they used the wrong missile graphic.
Hi.  Turn on your TV... <u>Good Morning America</u>, the <u>Morning News</u> and <u>Today</u> are all about to talk to Arnold Schwarzenegger and I think he's live on at least two of them.
In other times, with other purposes, there might be a band and bunting here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's return from war.  Last week he was decorated by a president for heroism in a war.  But it was the civil war -- in Angola -- and he was in it for the money.
I'll put him in the low corner of the frame -- good.
Oh, you mean use him...That's nice.  Okay.
In other times, for other purposes, there might be a band and bunting here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's return from war.  He...
Okay.
No -- Don't worry about it.  Let's do this.
In front of a little -- it's a bit... You want a mirror?
It's an ethnic curl, I can't do anything about it.
Your hair's a little funny.
Ready.
So I quit.
The cost-efficient reporter.
They told me they'd keep me because they could plug me into any story and my salary was in line.
It's what he did.  I'm proud of him.
Thanks.
I understand.  I'll go with you.
Okay.  I think I'd better be alone for a while.
It's been a while since you read the news -- I'll have somebody work with you.  Just on superficial performance things.
Prepare what?  You have Saturday's news handy?
Please prepare carefully.  This couldn't come at a better time.
Do it then.
I could do it this Saturday -- everyone wants off for the Correspondents' Dinner.
Do one thing to me?  Get me one shot at anchoring the Weekend News -- they've never seen me do it.  I think it could turn them around.
All I know is that they've got to fire a large number of people... and they're not going by seniority. There's a recklessness in the air. They...
Ah, damn -- the fucking jerks -- My, God.  They want to fire me.
I'm no suggesting the worst will happen...but someone with your brilliance gets nibbles about other jobs and maybe, the next time that happens, down the road -- you should look into it.
Wait.  Bullshit me a little...I'm beginning to appreciate it.
Aaron, I've never seen them like this -- I think Paul's nervous about his own job and for some reason he thinks you only appeal to...
Upper management thinks you're dull.
Just blunt talk, okay?  I'd really appreciate bluntness.
Anyway.  I want you to think of this as...
Wipe me out?
We know each other well enough for me to care how I put something to you which could wipe you out. So I will phrase things the way I think they should be phrased.  All right?
Just tell me what's really going on.  I think we know each other well enough for me to expect that.
I don't know if we have any younger man more respected in our operation than you.
Yeah --
Outside?
Oh, I was just writing you a note. What do you say we take a walk?
I'll tell you what.  I'll stay if Tom knows how to spell Gaddafi.
Stop it.
That's it.  I resign as of now.
You didn't say anything to her?
I had the strangest thing happen yesterday.  Anne and I have been married what? -- Thirty-six years... Everything fine -- two days after the promotion came through, I was checking myself in the mirror and she was making a face at me behind my back. So yesterday I looked in the mirror and she was doing it again.
I'm gonna go look at it again.
I saw the smile -- good piece.
Uh-uh.  I'm a little freaked right now about seeing my father though.
All this business of war -- do you get scared?
It depends on how big a news day it is.
Fuck.  Fuck.  Fuck.  Fuckes.  Snot... Fuckee.  You want to use that?
How long has it been since you've been home.
Move away from me.
We came from Washington.
No.
Just a few questions?
My gosh, and for a while there, I was attracted to you.
No.  I think anyone who puckers their lips and presses it against his boss' buttocks and then smooches is an ass kisser.
You think anyone who's proud of the work we do is an ass kisser.
Take care, Paul.  It takes a certain kind of courage for you to say that in front of the President of the News Division.
Goodbye, Paul.
Oh, come on -- tell us another.
I was a little nervous there for a minute.
We have a minute and a half.  It's my responsibility to tell them we won't be ready.
Norman Rockwell's enduring portrait of a <u>Homecoming</u>  The return of a fighting man has always been one of the more moving ceremonies of war... Tearful women, proud men, excited children.  But J.D. Singer was right -- his homecoming was no big deal.
Oh, that's nice...  We'll need some new lines.
Norman Rockwell's 'Homecoming.'
What is she shooting?
Okay.  I just wanted you to know.
You can make it a little less brutal by knocking a million dollars or so off your salary.
This is a brutal layoff...And all because they couldn't program Wednesdays.
If we're not here for each other during the tough time, we're not a news organization.
Bill...This is hard on all of us and it's no time for compliments. But I think it's extraordinary of you to come down here for this.
I'd like to take everyone out after the show.
Almost immediately.
Just when do you start, telling people?
I'll speak to you soon
No, I don't.  He happens to deserve the credit.  He's right here.
Well, you always want to give the credit away, do you?
Aaron should be hearing this so I have an extra witness.
Well, the visual with the boots at the end was just perfect.
But thanks.
Thanks.  I just wish you'd kept the first twenty seconds.
Well, darling, if it gets any better than that, I'm going to have to bring you up here to New York.
Yes.
Jane?
It's started.
They canned me.  Well, my brother will feel great -- now he's not the only screw-up.
I spent a fortune on this.
What are you dressed up for?  Oh, that's right -- because the Evening News is here this week.
No, I'm not.  I'm the fourth. Joan Richmond.  Pauline Fredericks got that credit once on a U.N. special and there's Susan Zirinsky.
Do you know you're the second woman in network news history to produce?
Yes?
It's Aaron.
Yes.
Did you hear what I just said -- do you have that?  Take a breath.
And Bobbie says...
Tell George and Jessica to try and cover everything without Tom having to ask additional questions.
I liked it.  He's not afraid to be human.
Yeah, I know, I went back and forth on it.
I'll never tell.
What did he say?
Yes, there is.
I've got to tell Ernie...because there isn't enough time.
I'll be right down.  It's right tight.
You don't have time.  Not a chance.
Bobbie, please.
You know, I like Tom, because hi...
Right there, Bobbie.
Because...
No stop where he's all besieged.
Do you want him all the way to the car?
Just a two-second dissolve.
Should I...
Okay, Bobbie, just a two-second dissolve to the Rockwell.
Let me hear it!
He said something about...
Play back the last line...
Please, Bobbie, we're pushing.
We could...
Go back to 316, Bobbie.  The sound bite in the cab -- it starts, 'I don't know how I'll feel...'
Well, who knows.  Just let m tell you what my favorite teacher ever, told me -- 'Don't be afraid to be wonderful.'
I'll speak to you.
...good-bye then.
Hey, okay.  Look Buddy -- I've got to go to work.
Good.  He's on the world's longest ego trip, let him take it alone.
No.  I'm doing fine...Look.
Look, I can start up with him again if you really...
Oh.
I broke up with my roommate -- He was really the magnet for everyone who knew anything.
Yes, stop!  I wondered if you could find out anything about what's happening.  What's wrong?
Anchor?
Yes.  You didn't have to come here. It's just that I'm going to anchor this special report on this Libyan thing...
Is everything all right?
Okay.
Hey, Buddy, don't do that anymore.
What do you mean?  You're one of the few people in this town I can talk to.
Okay.  And look, in the future I can call you when I have news for you. Don't feel you have to spend time with me just to get the information.  Well, that wasn't as hard to say as you thought, was it, Buddy?
No.  Really...don't worry about it.
What if we just don't tell them anything anymore unless they let you do the story?
That's okay.
I wish it were you giving the story.
Nobody else had it.
Forgive me, but it really is intoxicating being a news source.
I see the change in you -- I see it.
Not impressed exactly -- but a break in the clouds.
Oh, please.  So they were really impressed with you at work.
Thanks a lot, Buddy.
...and the White House is hoping to keep a lid on it for a few days till they figure out what to do.
My roommate's very social -- somebody from Justice was over and...I always hear things before they happen.  Hey, and from now on, so do you.
Yes.  How do you know?
Yes, it's true.  They're going to make it public Wednesday but isn't it a big deal for you to have it a day and a half early?
What?
Okay.  At least let me show my appreciation.  The Secretary of Labor is going to be indicted on Wednesday. For the graft thing he supposedly did before he was appointed.
I really have to go.
One's enough.
No...no.
I know...I mean you didn't do anything special for me tonight.  You just had what I think are good manners, decency. And it really makes me want to be nice back and it has nothing to do with any homosexual thing.  Honestly.  Because I don't know if you've homosexual or not and -- you're not, are you?
Yes.  That's right.
Bad manners.
I've been doing some morning show stuff, but mostly radio -- that doesn't bother me.  I'm in no rush for anything.  It's just the snotty attitude, even if I have it coming, it's still...
You talked me into it.
Follow me.
How do I get out of here?
No, I don't think so.
They're not really going to call security are they?
Okay, sweetie.
Bye, sweetie.
I could use somebody to talk to on a day like this.  Sorry. Go ahead.
No.  They're firing even more people than they said.  Some will want to talk.  It could help.
How horrible.  We'll be fine.  You'll be fine.  Stay here with me -- we'll go for a drive, have some drinks, make happy plans.
They fired me.
What?
It's Paul.
Tell me I'm on the way in.
Ernie, they're calling from work.
Finish quickly.  I don't want you getting obsessive about these things.  Good night.
Nooo.  This way the rotation stays the same.
You don't have to finish tonight.
I just have two more pen pals and then I'm done.
Jane -- For God's sake...  Look, it's time for you to go to sleep.
Honey?...
...am starting to get jealous. I read in the newspapers about the Italian strike and riots in Milan.  I hope you weren't...
That would be great.  It better help.  What can you do with yourself if all you do is look good?
Would it help if I got you a tutor?
Thanks, Dad, this talk helped.  Will you sign it, please?
I'll just have to try harder.  I don't know.  I will.  I will.  I will.  I will.
Oh my.  I see you studying so hard, Tom.  What do you think the problem is?
I got my report card.  Three Cs, two Ds and an incomplete.
It's not.
As long as that's your only problem you're...
Proud?  I'm just embarrassed that I like when they say those things.
You know, Tom, I feel a little proud when people comment on your looks.  Maybe you should feel that way.
No.  But, honest.  What are you supposed to say when they keep talking about your looks?  I don't even know what they mean -- "Beat them off with a stick."
Were you bothering by those waitresses making a fuss?
No, nothing.  I've got a problem, I guess.
Go ahead.
I don't know.
Why so glum?
No.  Not even you.
I don't know a recent Saturday I've sold more.  You didn't think I'd sell that health restaurant, did you?
Fill for a second.
I had no idea she was this good.
No, it's awful.  Oh my, it's awful.
It must be nice to always believe you know better.  To think you're always the smartest person in the room.
You're just absolutely right and I'm absolutely wrong?
It's not opinion.
Okay, that's your opinion.  I don't agree.
Tom isn't ready for the job you're about to hand him.  Not near ready.  Not by the longest shot.  Aaron's spent six weeks in Tripoli, he's interviewed Gaddafi -- he reported on the Eight-one story.  I think he's essential to do the job we're capable of and I think it's my responsibility to tell you that.
Okay...It's so good to see you.
I'm sorry because I was looking forward to that, but I' m going back in a few hours.
Well, we should talk.  You going to have time for  dinner?  I'd like you to meet Lila.
Well, there's a guy, but he says he'll fly up a lot.
What a great surprise.  I didn't think we had a chance.  I heard you wanted to stay in Washington.
I thought for ol' Cliff here -- Look at you?  You're more adorable than your pictures.  Look what I got for you.
A picnic?
Well, why not?  Hey, what is this?  My life's rushing in front of my eyes.
Why did I have to do this to myself?  Watch you take off.  Call me if you need anything.
Take it easy.
It's better when you let me say it.
Then you should stay here.
It's just that one of the few things I'm not confused about is what I was saying downstairs, that...
You want to come?
So you have an extra bathing suit, huh?
It's okay.
Yes, I am.  Thanks.  I mean it.
You're lucky I came after you so you got that off your...
What I don't know, I can learn and what I know, nobody can teach. Excuse me for saying it about myself, but I think it's true.  What do you think?  Never mind what you think.
I knew what you meant.
Well, let's do a special report on that...I mean that's news.
I don't wan to discuss work.
You keep coming after me and looking down on me.  It's starting to make me batty.
That's not going to be the way we say good-bye.  Even though I think what you did was rotten -- it's not all impersonal.  You mean something to me.
I'm leaving now.  Gate 43.
It's amazing.  You commit this incredible breach of ethics and you act as if I'm nitpicking.  Try and get this.  When you edited that...
This is a one-way argument.  We've got six days; if you go and we fight and we hate it -- we'll come home.  If you don't go?  Well, that's a much bigger deal.  I go to London right after that. So, it'd be very big deal if you stay here.  The plane's boarding.  You're good at deadline.  Here's your ticket.
It just proves that the difference we have are...
It's hard not to cross it; they keep moving the little sucker, don't they?
Working up tears for a new piece cutaway...You totally crossed the line between...
I got promoted for things like that.
It made me ill.  You could get fired for things like that.
Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane...
Jesus, if you're glib about this I'm going to lose it.  I was up all night and...
We disagree on how God-awful it was.  Why don't you come with me and we can disagree and get a tan at the same time?
Of course it's the reason.  It's terrible what you did.
I felt funny about it afterwards.  It's verboten, huh?  I thought since I did it for real the first time -- but I get you.  That's not the reason you're not coming?
I saw the taped outtakes of the interview with the girl.  I know you 'acted' your reaction after the interview.
Why?
You fucking...
Then give me a minute...
That's more than 'yes' -- that's 'you bet.'
That's yes?
Well, I just think that' an extraordinary proposal.
Sorry.  I can't stand here feeing bad that I don't feel worse.  This has happened at every station I ever worked for. Look, I think it's crazy for you to come in here tomorrow and start a new job.  I have a week to get to my job.  Let's get the hell away to some island fast and find out how we are together away from this.
How can you say that to me?
Maybe I haven't been here long enough.  But, hey, congratulations on the promotion.
That's so perfectly...It really makes me feel a little faint...  Whooo.
That it would be a treat to make someone like you feel better... He gets like that sometimes.
What?
Yes.  Then he said a really weird thing...
No.  Did he really?
He -- uh -- said he liked you because you looked like you had -- fire and honesty.
I feel terrible about what happened. What did he say?
Okay, great, Grunick -- Easy shots now -- huh?  Good night.
Jane, I'm not some chore you have to finish so you can stay on schedule.
Good night??!
Okay.  Good night.
Yes.
Hello?
I'll see you at the office.  Good night.
Uh-huh.
I've got my father coming through tomorrow anyway.  I should get some sleep.
I don't know if that's absolutely necessary.
No.  That sounds more important. Let's forget about tonight.
Hi, again.  Sorry about...
Not if you count 'Singing in the Rain.'  Do him a favor and don't treat it like a tragedy.  You want me to talk to him?
It wasn't as bad as he think, was it? -- it wasn't unprecedented or anything?
I know.  I taped it.
I'm not sure.  It seems like he had sort of a mishap on the news.
Well, when?
I can't get away just yet.  I'm at Aaron's.
Where are you?
Hi.  It's me.
Okay.  Sorry.  Don't yell at me like that again, you scared the life out of me.
It's not that it's hard.  I just want you to give me a minute to catch up.
He might be weird -- he can talk more freely if I go alone -- why's that so hard to understand?
Don't run off --  like everything's settled the minute you make up your mind.
What happened?
No.  I'll see you at your apartment as soon as I can.
I'd like to know.  I'll go along.
I forgot all about Aaron.  I promised to stop by and see how he did.
Good...Another is you're trying to make it all about sex and heat and nothing else.
That's not it.
Three...I just thought of a third... If you talk about it, you don't have to do it.
What?
Oh let's see -- wait a minute, well, I can think of two reasons.
I don't remember saying anything like that -- exactly...I don't know why I just did.
Right, right -- Isn't she fun to tease?
Because you're nuts.
I was half hoping I wouldn't have a good time tonight.  You know why?
This is hysterical.
You just can't stop editing me. Huh?
At least kiss me when you do that.
Well...
Why can't I let go of this woman?
Great.
You okay?
Uh-uh.
You're not going to take off on me, are you?
Good.  That's it...See you.
Suppose I go in for a little while and you wait in the lobby-bar.  How's that?
Me!
Who?
It's incredible who's here.
Yeah.
It moved me.  I did relate to it -- I really did.  It was unusual for you to cut to yourself when you tear up -- and that might not have been my choice...but it's real and it got me...and I think a lot of the time I'm too conservative about that kind of stuff.  Okay?
So what did you think?
I like you as much as I can like anyone who thinks I'm an asshole.
So you like me, huh?
We can go together.
Oh, good.
Maybe I'll get off work.  I'd like to go.
Uh-huh.
No.  Were you going to you?
Why, you need me for the story?
No.  Are you going to the Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday?
Nooo.  Is it your story?
What pills did you take?  You sound more like someone on a general anesthetic.  Maybe I'd better speak to you tomorrow.
Says who?  Not important -- ha-ha-ha. I was dreaming -- Oh, no -- can't tell -- how embarrassing for me. Gosh.
It's not important.
I had to sleep fast so I took two allergy pills to help me...I'm sorry...Hey, you called me.
Yes.
Jane, yes.  Tom?  Tom, is that you? Is this Tom?
I'm not sure I dialed right -- Jane?
Yes, Tom -- I think I can manage.
If I tell you, can you manage not to put it down or tell me why it won't work or is in bad journalistic taste or anything like that?
Well, what is it?
I just read about it in a magazine and it affected me.
What?
Believe me, I wouldn't be doing this unless it was absolutely necessary. I have an idea for something.
Eventually.  Does it have to be right now?
I'm going to have to do a story from beginning to end on my own.
Too many smart people in one room -- it's not healthy...
Okay.  You didn't like the party, huh?
Maybe we could just sit here -- talk a little?
I'll get you through.  Move and smile.  And smile and move...
Do I have to stand here in the middle and meet them all?
It's much too soon for you to have this kind of buzz around you.
I'll be the judge of that.
I'm not sure I'd be good company tonight.
Come on, I'll buy you a drink. There's a big thing over at the Italian embassy.
Hey, I know how to have a burger by myself.  I feel like a little solitude.
Jennifer, you want to have another drink?
Well, I'll go in and have a bite.
There's no gang in there -- We were the last ones.
Well, I thought I'd check if all of you were still here.  I'll just go in and join the gang and you two go on.
I didn't think you'd make it.
Okay.
I'll wait for you till seven.
Yeah?
Jane?
I'm going over to Aaron's.  Maybe I'll hoop up with all of you later.  How long do you think you'll be there?
You have to celebrate with me, don't you?  Everybody's going to that bar on the corner, 'Caps.'
Indescribable -- you knew just when to feed me the next thing, just a split second before I needed it.  There was a rhythm we got into, like great sex.
Yeah.  It was an unusual place to be.
You're an amazing woman.  What a feeling having you inside my head.
George Weln is at the Pentagon where the attack launched by the lone Libyan pilot has resulted in a massive movement of military might.
We're going to George.  Say 'the Joint Chiefs are meeting -- we have George Weln at the Pentagon'.
Excited.
Nervous?
Yes.  Just don't say anything mean for a while.  Thanks.
You okay?
You're great at taking the edge off a good time.
Well, thumps like me leave appearance to guys like you.
At work there's always this sort of film over you.
What do you mean clean?
It's the firs time I've seen you dressed like this.  You look so clean and pretty.
Okay, billion...right, of course. They told me I could have any producer I wanted -- and I want you.
Billion.
The House Armed Service Committee has a secret report which says that the General Stillwell tank the Army has dumped a fortune into plain won't work.  I have it cold, confirmed.  They have five million dollars in this thing already.
Some public official skipped a week on his Christmas Club?
I've got another story.
Ah, I don't want any credit.  Bobbie and I serve anonymously.
Give it to him -- so we can concentrate.
Yes.
So he was indicted?
Okay.
I just got back -- I don't know which end is up.
Can I buy you dinner sometime soon?
How's it going?
Hi.
And it has nothing to do with the fact I left your room instead of staying there?
I can't help you, sorry.  I'm not here to teach remedial reporting.
You  make me nervous.  Anyway if I can pick your brain --
'Really a lot appreciate it...'
I thought you were incredible in there. I know how much I have to learn.  I'd really -- a lot -- appreciate it...if...
No.  Aaron and I go to Central America on Wednesday -- so I'm cramming.
I can't believe I'm really here.  No kidding.  If you're through work now --
You weren't.  Thanks.  How does it feel being here?
I'm sorry if I was in the way.  It was totally impressive.  Great piece.
We're working here!!  You can stand over in the uh, uh, uh...
They said it would be okay if...
Those audition tapes I sent out... I've been hired by your network for the Washington bureau.  So I'll probably see you at work.  Sorry.
Hey?
I never told you the reason I was telling you everything for.
Just what do you want from me, anyway? Permission to be a fake?  Stop whining and do something about it.
Whoa, this was a mistake.
I agree with you -- you're not qualified.  So get qualified.  You can insist on being better prepared.  You don't have to just leave it as...  'I don't write.  I'm not schooled. I don't understand the news I'm reading. But at least I'm upset about it, folks.'
Uh-huh.
It's hard for me to advise you since you personify something that I truly think is dangerous.
So, you're not well educated and you have almost no experience and you can't write.
One year...almost one year.
Well, come on -- it is your life. Nobody is tying you to the fast track.  Did you go to college?
But that didn't stop me from sending out audition tapes to bigger stations and the networks.
I don't write.
What about the obvious remedy? Reversing things.  Maybe getting a job on a newspaper.
I didn't even have the chance to get really good at sports.  I wasn't bad. I thought I was starting to do interesting features but hockey is big at the station and...
I trust you.
Listen to me.  You keep on thinking I'm somebody ho lacks...confidence. That's not it.  I know I can talk well enough and I'm not bad at making contact with people, but I don't like the feeling that I'm pretending to be a reporter.  And half the time I don't really get the news I'm talking about.  It isn't that I'm down on myself.  Trust me, I stink.
How are you at back rubs?
Except I'm no good at what I'm being a success at.
So great -- right?
I was doing sports at the station. The newspaper ran this untrue story that I was leaving and they got all these tons of protest mail.  So they made me anchor.
No, I really got this job on a fluke and wait till you hear where it ends up.
Come on...Even I'm not that hard on myself.
Yes, sure.
Yes.  My room is down here -- I'm not tired.  Do you want to keep talking?
That actually goes on...
Another thing I can't stand is ...when White House reporters bullshit with each other after a briefing and then one of them has a theory and the other quotes it in his story as "White House" sources say...
Nooo.  If I could just have a roll, I'd be okay.
Totally understood.  Totally wrong of me to talk shop after the day you've had.  Totally sorry.
If we could just eat first.
I haven't been in news that long. I've just been looking for the right person to talk to.  I have about two thousand questions for you.
I like "godsend."
I kept thinking what a great break it was for me to get to see you tonight.  More than a great break, maybe just what I needed...just when I needed it...Angel of mercy -- godsend...lifesaver...what?
I was a lot earlier.
Hi.  I was worried I was early.
Well, they say if you can reach even one person, it means something... And you did that.
Thank you.  They hated me.  I don't hate them.
I just wanted to tell you  how great you were.  My name's Tom Grunick.
Hi.
Right back to you.
I sure know that feeling.  Terrific work today.
I can't be.
You're saying stay away from him.
God Almighty -- Whew.  Do I mind? Why do I mind?  I do mind.  What a shock -- I don't have a right to... I don't think I like him.  I know I don't respect him...So what am I talking about -- what am I saying to you?
Ummm -- it's dumb dorm stuff but I see Tom around you a lot and this is such a small office and I'd like to see him outside of work, unless there's some reason for you to mind... in which case I just won't do anything.
Go ahead -- what?
This is very awkward.
I'm not knocking it.  It's a great solution.  Not only the storage but you can see everything you have.
I converted a bedroom -- this stuff builds up.  Wait till you've been doing this sixteen years.
Through the closet.
Where's the bathroom?
It would never occur to me to worry at all about you.
The last time I was with someone we went through this awful mutual disease questionnaire but I guess it beats getting paranoid the next day.  Okay, I'll go first.  I haven't...
I didn't have the guts to ask when I first came up.  I'll get you a great tour.
This is my first time at the White House. Is there any chance to look at where he works and the rest of it?
Boy, that's nice...I wish we could all deal with each other like this. I'll check it.  Anything I can do for you?
Look, I'm junior man -- and it's your beat.
How come you're not chasing it down yourself?
So he bought this Peugeot sedan at a greatly reduced price while he was there in charge of the White House Advance Team.
...that way we have someplace to go when we cut.  And I just sit here, I nod my head and look nerdy.
Uh-huh.
I just need you for another minute now, so we can shoot from behind towards me, and, um...
The way you were looking at me, I just went.
Don't be silly.  What are you sorry about?
Yes, I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
I'm sorry.
That's enough.  That's enough.
I'll pose any way you want.
Look -  This pose is all wrong!
Well I just wanted to make sure you know, fully and completely, that you're never gonna get any from me, at least in this lifetime.
Whaddya mean?
It's just an innocent question.  Besides I just wanted to clarify your intentions.
Are you a virgin?
What!
Walter can I ask you something?
You're breaking my concentration!
A girl with a body like mine?
Without a stitch of clothing on, sitting and facing you...
Um...
When's the last time you had a totally nude girl in your room...
I already told you I'm not.
Not even a little bit?
N-no...
Are you nervous, Walter?
Oh it's enough...
That doesn't look like very much clay.
Sit in this chair, and I'll pose you.
I'm almost ready -
Shh!
It's kind of dark -
Uh-huh.
What, right now?
Tonight.
Yeah.
Yes.  Fifty dollars an hour, right?
Well I'm touched.  You're serious, aren't you?
I decided to make a female figure after all!  I want you to pose for it.
Well I'm done talking to you, what do I have to do, draw you a diagram!
I didn't finish talking to you!
Listen schmuck, why don't you get out of here and let me go to bed!
I wanted to apologize for being nasty to you this evening.
What are you doing here?
I'm going home!
If you were an artist you could have created something!
Oh yeah?
That's not true I am a sculptor!
I'd be glad to help.  For $50 an hour.
I just might.
Would you like to do me?
Not anymore!
Don't you work here?
Righto.
See you later -
He made a cat.
What did he do?
Everyone wants to meet the bus boy.
What the hell's going on?
You know it.  I'm out of here.
Alright I got you, man.  It's my turn for freak patrol.
Yeah, he's keeping an eye out, said he'd call us if he sees anything. That's about it for tonight.
Is the manager cooperating?
Not really.  One girl who fit the descrip came in, kinda skinny, brunette, didn't see much changing hands.
Anything new?
Alright we're clear.
Don't you see Carla?  I made them immortal.
Walter...stay away from me!
There's...a body inside that statue!
What?
Walter...there's...
Ok...tonight.  I'll make a statue of you tonight, OK?
Would you really like to?  That would make me very happy.
Would you let me make...a statue of you?
Just about anything, Walter.
I've been thinking...  Carla, would you do one favor for me?
Forget it.
I'm sorry about what I said before.
Oh sure, let's string along poor Walter, see how far it will take us!
Jeez, what is your problem all of a sudden?
Because...  We're just friends.  That's all. Just friends. WALTER I get it.  I see the whole thing now. No one knows if Walter Paisley is born!
Why not?!
Walter...  I don't want to hurt your feelings but there is no way we're ever going to get...together.  You know what I mean?
No! I want to talk about it now!
Now calm down Walter!  Now, let's go in there, and when the show's over, maybe we can talk about it.
You just can't be sorry! I wanna - I wanna marry you!
Walter, I'm sorry...
But you gotta love me!  Why do you think I made that statue of Alice?!
Oh...f-for a long time.  Ever since you first came to the club.
Uh...  ...how long have you been thinking about this, Walter?
What are you trying to say?
- even though Leonard's always asking you to go out with him and I - just -
Carla -
Well that was for your sculpture of the girl.  Your nude in the chair.
I thought you did on account of you kissed me the other night!
I like you very much, Walter.
That means you like me!
Of course I do!
You think I'm creative?
Oh, I don't know.  Smart people. Creative people I guess.
Well...w-what kind of people do you like, Carla?
Well...what did you want to talk to me about?
Hm...
Nice night out...
Bye!
Goodbye.
I know.  But I wanted to talk to you.
Ready?  We've got plenty of time.
Are you ready?
Thank you.
I mean, you look so pretty.
I'm gonna make the most wildest wittiest things you ever seen... gonna make big statues and li'l statues, tall statues n' short statues...
Tell us what you're going to make next, Walter.
I know what it is to be ignored.
Every word...
It's true, isn't it?
All about me...
Yes Walter.
Did you hear what he said?
Sorry...
Walter!  Jeez!
May I please have another little kiss?
There there...
Where where...
Here here...
More champagne, your majesty?
Well I can't say that Walter!  She's incomparable.  They're both great.
You think she's better than Murdered Man?
Better!
Is it murdered man?
Yeah.  Can some of you guys help me?
Oh yeah?
I came over to see you.  I brought something...I wanted to show you.
What's up, Walter?
Oh...
These guys came by to help me try out some of my new organic recipes.
Carla...
Hi Walter.
Now you're a professional!
Gee..twenty five dollars for something I made!
It wasn't easy.
How did you ever find it all in yourself, Walter?
Me too.
Like it?  It's a masterpiece.  I've never seen anything like it before... and I hope I never see anything like it again. Walter smiles and looks at his creation -
You can do anything you want if you set your mind to it.
Uh, well, I'm a little nervous, I never did a person before.
Let's see it.
It's not really that big I got it on kind of a stand...
Look at the size of it!
Yeah it was all just an accident.
It's called spontaneity, Leonard. Get with the program.
Murdered man.
What's it called?
It's a...full length life-size figure!
Great!  What is it?
Of course...it's wonderful.
You really like it?
Honest?
I've never seen anything like this, maybe Segal, but nothing with such... dichotomy...  It's very good, Walter -
A thing I made.
Don't worry about him...what have you got?
I'm honored to know this man.
Walter...I can't believe it.
When did you make this, Walter?
Put it in the middle of the room!
Hm.
Don't worry it's a non-dairy sauce made from soy milk.
What's this sauce!  I'm lactose intolerant.
It was.
I hope this was made with egg whites!
Here you go, enjoy.
Is it?  I've forgotten.
That's word for word.
Well, it all depends, Leonard...
Would you pose for me for free?
You see the direction his realism takes! It's unhealthy!
Abstract?  With his talent for realism?
Carla and I will guide you, help develop and evolve your work...maybe lead you toward something more abstract...
Yeah then you could unload - sell this stuff for a lot more.
That's the idea, Walter.  It's the only way to gain recognition. All the big art critics and art dealers would be there, it would be an event.
It will take years to make that many statues.  But your work would be featured.
You're right.  We should build a collection first.
Well, I've been thinking...  I didn't realize how much...talent Walter actually had.  It would be wrong for us to show them one at a time.  Dead wrong.
What's wrong with you, why do you want to hide it?
Why don't you cover it up, Walter!
Why not?
No.  Why don't you cover it up Walter...
I admit it.
Well then admit it, it's a work of genius.
Oh come on!  Even you can see its value.
Don't ask.
I've never seen anyone so... squeamish.  Well, what's your opinion, Leonard?
Nothing...nothing at all.
What's the matter with you?
Listen, I'm going over to Walter's after the place closes.  I want to get a look at Murdered Man.  Do you want to come along?
Yeah, I'm feeling a lot better.
Yes...I'm uh...I'm fine.
Are you alright?
When do we get to see it? WALTER Well...any time, I guess.
Murdered...man?...
I'm totally serious!
Are you trying to be funny?
Leonard, what are you doing?
You've arrived.  You've been recognized.  You're a talent, a creative force to be reckoned with.
I wouldn't give up your day job.
Maybe so...
What are you doing here so early?
Hi Walter...
Oh yes...very nice...very, very nice...
I'm trying to find a style of my own.  Do you really like them?
Do you have to be so cold to him?
Ah, your new head shot...  I like it, very much...
Yeah, right outside the door!
That's alright, we got a pressing engagement!
Maxwell gave him a bottle of wheat germ oil.  Maybe he started taking it.
No man, he ain't the type.  He don't get enough vitamin E.
Man, why do you suppose Walter wants to get her alone?  You suppose he could be physically attracted to her?
No man I'm on my own plane.
Didn't you hear him?
What did he say?
Yeah what's this, Murdered Elephant?
Man this is heavy!
Right.  Ain't no body of work complete without some... nudes -
Man if you want to be a legit artist you have to do nudes, nudes, nudes...
Let's check out the scene.
Looks like that cat paid off in spades.
Man look at that get up !
Man if this place doesn't cool out I'm gonna hang out somewhere else...
There's that weird dude again.
I don't know it was made out of driftwood and dipped in sulfuric acid.  It was out there...
Now what kind of statue was that?
I saw a statue once called The Third Time Phyllis Saw Me She Exploded.
Man that's a trippy name, kinda like the Warhol mayhem series...
I think he's looking for you, man... it's all finally catching up with you!
I wonder what his deal is.
I know, man.
I mean, screw them, you know?  I'm just gonna go right on creating 'cause it comes from here -  you know?
I know, man.
But it bugs me when someone rips off our ideas, our concepts, and people freak out about it, you know, and tell us ours stinks!
I know, man.
I mean it's like, you know, I do my art because that's what I am, you know?  I'm an artist.  I'm not like a banker, you know.  Like I create.
I know.
Look at that, man.  Big deal.
Not only that, he copied us!
Yeah, can you say plagiarism?
I do the research.
It's our road kill series.  I take the pictures.
Well invite the critics, and the art collectors...we'll tell them...
Yeah?
When Carla comes by I'll talk to her.  She'll make up some nice invitations.  We'll have them printed up.
Never mind...
Well, w-what did you do?
Maxwell!  He's behind all this with all his stupid blowhard poetry!  Listen, you've got to stop right away!  I'm beginning to feel responsible!
Well Why not?  I gotta make statues Leonard.  You heard Maxwell, they want me to make them.  I can't go back to being a busboy!
Walter...Walter listen carefully.  I don't want you to make any more statues.  Do you understand? No more statues.
Put it down, Walter.
Whatsamatter Leonard?
You made...a bust... WALTER  Yeah isn't it wonderful?
Whatsamatter Leonard?
Just wait till you see this!
What do you have in the box?
It was.
Hello Leonard!  Beautiful morning, isn't it?
Yeah and what would I say?
You might talk too much.
Yeah, why?
You better hold off on the bubbly.
These things take time Walter... but for now you've got to break out of this one...avenue you're on...
A show..how soon can we go?
N-no!  Not exactly, I mean you take years and years...
A show?!  Like this Sunday?
You want me to open a window or something?
It's hot in here...
Well, I mean it could have been something else, but it just worked out that way.
You didn't mean to what?
I don't know, it just happened, I guess.  I didn't mean to.
Well...why murdered man?
I-I already got a new one!
The question is what are you going to make next, Walter?  Did you make that dog yet, or that parakeet?  How about making something out of the cockroaches in your room?
What, Mr. De Santis?
You know what that proves?
What am I doing?  I'm just telling Walter the truth.
Hiya Carla.
They are?
Now why shouldn't you, Walter? Things are different now...
I thought I'm not supposed to sit with the customers...
Have a seat -
H-have a seat?
Good night Walter.
OK...good night Mr. De Santis!
Go home.
A parakeet?
Well make a dog, make a parakeet! I'm sure you'll think of something.
I don't have another cat!
Look, go home and...work on something. Make another cat.
Well...
No, it's Ok...you came in early.  Besides, you're creating an incident. When people are applauding they don't order anything.
Well I don't know -
Yes they are, aren't they?  Look, why don't you take the rest of the night off, you look tired.
Did you hear that Mr. De Santis? Everyone's really crazy about Dead Cat.
Enough already about it - get to work!
People seem to like my cat.
Sure!
Alright get a grip on yourself Now since you're here why don't you start early, the kitchen needs cleaning.
All that is comes through the eye of the artist...
Sure!  So I guess that means I'm an artist after all.
Alright, I'll tell you what.  I'll put it in the corner of the alcove. If it sells, we'll split it fifty- fifty.  How's that?
Got carried away, huh?
I didn't mean to.
Well...why did you put a knife in it?
You want me to buy Dead Cat?  It'll scare people away.
You want to buy it, put it in the club?
Well it sure looks dead enough.
Yeah.
Dead Cat?
Dead Cat!
I said I did, didn't I!
You...made that?
I didn't buy it I made it.
Where'd ya buy that?
Huh?
What is it, your laundry?
Well I brought something, I wanted to show you.
Well do some looking around the room. I see cups, ashtrays - let's go...
Well I was uh, just looking...
Well that's not what I pay you for, now is it?
I was just looking at Carla's picture.
Walter, what are you doing?
Can't you see I'm busy here?
Listen to me, listen to me...I've been collecting art pieces all over the world for years and let me tell you something.  This newcomer Walter Paisley has it, whatever it is, the X factor, that indefinable quality that separates the greats from the hacks, and I want that cat in my hands.  Are you listening to me?
I'm holding for Lieutenant Beldere!
Listen to me...I don't want to lose this piece -
No...look I'm busy...
What do you want for it?  Two thousand? Three thousand?
I can't talk right now.
What offers have you got for it? I won't be out-bidded.  I'm a wealthy man and I don't mind paying for something I want.
I'm trying to reach Lieutenant Beldere...
I want that cat.  I'll pay you one thousand dollars - cash.
Excuse me I have to make a call...
I tried to contact you by phone but I couldn't...
NO YOU'RE GONNA SHOOT ME DON'T SHOOT -
Walter shut up and relax!
YOU'RE GONNA SHOOT ME!
Relax!
NO! NO DON'T SHOOT ME I DON'T WANT TO GET SHOT!
What are ya, deaf?  Turn around!
Turn around!
You're gonna shoot me!
I ain't going no place with you!
Don't give me a hard time Walter! You don't want to get me mad!  You're coming with me!
Wait a minute - I told you I didn't do nothing wrong!
Yeah yeah yeah - look!  I've heard this song and dance before, save your breath, you're coming with me! Lou goes to turn Walter against the wall but Walter springs back -
I didn't do nothing wrong!  That was Mayolia's!  I didn't ask her for it.  I don't know about any -
I got you cold, pal.  Make it easy for yourself, use your head.
Wait a minute!  What'd I do?
You're coming downtown with me, Walter.  You're gonna come clean with me, you're gonna name names or I swear to God I'll see to it personally you rot in a cell upstate! Are we understanding each other?
I- don't know what you're talking about!
Good ol' mild mannered Walter! Give it up.  It doesn't fly with me.
You are?
Who do think you're dealing with, huh?  I'm willing to cut you a break, chief!
Oh, yeah.  It can get real expensive.
Is that what that is?  I never seen any before.  I always thought that stuff was expensive!
Haven't you ever heard of smack! Horse!  Junk!  Heroin!
Alaska!  What the heck's wrong with it!
Goddammit, where are you from, Mars?
Smack?
Who's the head honcho!  Who's providing the smack connection!
Telling you what?
I'm not looking to pinch you!  I don't care about you, or the girl.  But you want to save your ass, you better start telling me what I want to hear.  Now!
C-connection?
But I got a feeling you're gonna cooperate with me.  Yessir, I think you and me are gonna be real good friends.  Why don't you tell me about your connection.
Possession of narcotics isn't something we take lightly, you understand?
Huh?!!!
You're in some deep shit pal, whether you know it or not.
You're like an undercover guy!
Police officer.
You can cut the crap.
Chasing the dragon?  Whaddya mean?  You sure you don't want a pancake?
You like chasing the dragon, Walter?
Oh yeah that was Mayolia, she's a nice girl.  She's kind of strange, though.
I also saw the girl give you this.
Yeah I did.
Did you see my cat?
Hm.
I was going to make some pancakes, you can have some if you like.
Uh, sure.
Yes, you have.  Can I come in?
Hi.  I know you!  I've seen you down at the Jabberjaw plenty.
Hello, Walter.
Uh, hi.
How ya doin'?
I don't!  But fifty thou?  That's not money, that's manna!
I thought you didn't respect money!
Why on Earth should you be so depressed?  Have you heard some of the things they've been saying? You can make fifty thousand on these pieces alone!
It would imply you could not succeed on your ability alone!
Why not?
I won't say good luck, Walter.
Hiya Maxwell.
After that we go no more!
Here here!
An' everyone will say Walter let me shake your hand...it's a real pleasure to have known you...
Suit yourself.
No thanks.  Sounds good though.
Wheat germ omelette, guava nectar and garbanzo sprinkled with smoked yeast.  Join us?
Good morning Walter!
Hi.
Uh, I don't know.
And what project looms on the horizon, Walter?
I see the rewards of achievement have come your way.
Maxwell.
Call me...Maxwell.
Did you like it Mister Brock?
I saw your...cat.
Yes, get rid of them...
Are you done with these?
I worked in one of them.  Back in Alaska. 
I know that - I know that! I also believe in burning the creative candle, you understand, down to the end - to be uncreative you might as well be dead...a walking machine, toiling in a factory!
I thought you believed that life is a homeless traveler riding on the RTD of -
"Let them die, and by their miserable death become the clay in his hands, that he might form an ashtray or an ark -"
Well I'm overjoyed.
I liked it very much Mr. Brock. I liked it very much.
I don't think anyone gets what I said, their blank faces staring, mute, unfeeling -
Let it inspire you.  Maybe it will let you think of me.
Gee.  Thanks.
I want you to have it.  There's a little something for you in here...
Then let me give you something then...
You don't have to do anything!
I want to be part of it, I want to inspire you, I want to do - something!
I don't think so Mayolia.
Oh no, I couldn't do that.  Mrs. Swicker would start asking questions. She's my landlady.
Well, I'll go home with you.
I can't.  I gotta go home.
Let me into your world Walter... let me into that white hot inspired world.
That's really nice of you Mayolia.
A hot light bulb is burning inside of you.  I want to be warmed by it.
T-turned on?
It's like...you've turned on.
Really?
With Dead Cat.  Like a breath of fresh air.  I could just - babble on about it for hours.
With Dead Cat?
Walter, you did something to me with your work tonight.
Hello Mayolia.
Your work, the layers of irony.
What do you get?
I get it Walter.  I get it.
What's the matter with you!
I will - good night Mrs. Swicker!
Well why don't you clean up this dump!
Uh, Mrs. Swicker I got to meet some friends later, and I have to take a shower!
Uh, I can take real good care of myself, Mrs. Swicker!
She doesn't have to be pretty... just as long as she takes good care of you...
Well yes I guess I have been Mrs. Swicker.  Somebody's got to.
Walter have you been talking to yourself again?
I'm always alone, Mrs. Swicker, you know that.
Straightening up indeed!  Are you sure you're not alone?
I was just straightening up the place.
Don't tell me I didn't hear a racket!  I'm an older woman and I don't need to be upset and disturbed in this manner!
Noise Mrs. Swicker?  What noise?
What's all the noise in here!
Good night, Mrs. Swicker -
Good night Walter...
OK Mrs. Swicker.
If you see him.
T-tell him that?
What's got into that cat?  Well if you do see him, tell him I've got a nice fat piece of ocean-fresh halibut for him -
Uh, no, I didn't see him at all.
Oh no, that's OK, I can fix myself something.  Besides, I got something important to do...
If you were my son...why don't you let me fix you a nice hot bowl of soup, it won't take but a minute.
I had a salami sandwich, Mrs. Swicker.
Walter you look awful pale! What did you have to eat today?
Oh, OK.
Hello Walter.  I want to tell you the super fixed the leaky pipes and sealed up that hole in your wall.
Oh, hello Mrs. Swicker.
No... Not a boy...  Find out if they're dead.  And do something about that arm.  Honestly, I don't know how you made it through the Crusades.
I don't know.  But the boy, he couldn't kill them.
The other two -- the new ones. Where are they?
I look horrible.
Cheer up.  You may still.
I had him in my grasp.
You reckless imbecile.  This place is ours for the taking and you let yourself... twelve hundred years old and you act like a child.
Shut up!  You let him have it!
My arm!  He took my fucking arm!
What's wrong with you!?!
Not as single-minded as the others, not as sybaritic.  Almost thoughtful. She's useless.
I don't think this is gold.
Yes!
Let's move out!
Nice to feel needed.
What's with you?
Whoa!  Whoa!  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry. I don't actually need any right now.
Coach knows what abs are?
I don't know.  Coach said I had to work on my 'ab's.'
... And they're having some memorial service or something tomorrow.  You going?
Litter, yeah!
Well, um... litter?
Stay away from my thang.  Sorry, honey.  'Thing.'
I like it.  Can I be your friend?
Andy, start breaking up some chairs. You'll need weapons.
Buffy, this is crazy.  What do these guys want?
Thanks.  Have you seen Jeffrey?
Buffy!  Looking tasty.
Absolutely.  I see now the error of my mistake.
Don't grab me, okay?
He's got a...  What do you call it? A Napoleonic Code.
Man has a complex.
Andy!
Jeffrey, I don't mean to sound sexist or anything, but can I borrow her?
Nice game.
I mean it.
I'm hungry.
Get away from here.
Let me in, Pike!  I'm hungry!
The sun!  It burns!  It burns!
No offense, man, but I think you're on something nasty.  Why don't you just go and cool out and I'll see you in the morning or something.
I... feel.... pretty.
You look like shit, Benny.
I'm fine.
Wait a minute.  What's wrong with you, man?
Invite me in, Pike.
Hey, I'm trying, but this window is burnt --
Let me in.
Benny, man, where you been?  You bailed on me, I passed out, man, I almost did a Jimi Hendrix!
Our own world, where we could live and grow beans.  Hundreds of beans.
Utterly.  Let's bail this town. It's getting... I don't know.  Let's go somewhere where there aren't any rich bitches.
You think?  Split?
When you get your car together, man, let's bail.
Oh, yeah, and then you'll never call me.
I got a news flash, man, another shot of this and I'll have sex with you.
Well, there it is, isn't it?  You don't even like them, and you'd sleep with them.  What's that all about?
Yes.  Definitely.  Definitely. Please, God.
Would you sleep with them?
They're all the same!  They're so stuck up, they're just... they're not even human.  I hate them.
You didn't like them.
Rich bitches.  They're a plague. They've gotta be stopped.
Bummer metaphor.
Hey!  She wasted my dog!
We hate you guys!
You're the guys from the movie!
Do people ever call you 'Buffy the Buffalo?'  I'm just wondering.
Figures.
Amazing!
It's coffee.
We're looking at a dog, possible coffee...
That's it, man.  That's the whole story.
Come on, come on, fork up the scub.
Oh, yeah.  But I still want to know what happens.
No, we didn't.
Wrong answer!  No prize.
Suck!
Booo!
Down there.
Which way did she go?
My bike!  She's a lesbian, too. She told me.
Wheels?
Yeah, I saw her.  Bitch took my wheels.
Yes.
You don't mean, like, a cheerleader?
Did you see a girl come by here?
Guys.  Guys!  Reality pulled out of her five minutes ago.
He doesn't look fifty.
Hi, guys.
Hi, Buffy.
Eeyuu.
Dying.
Don't tread on the earth?
Hey, I was thinking, for the dance, what about a big sign that says 'Don't Tread On Me'.  You know, and a picture of the earth.
Guys.  The environment.  I'm telling you, it's totally key.  The earth is in terrible shape, we could al die, and besides, Sting's doing it.
Are there any good sicknesses that aren't too depressing?
Probably.  What movie is this?
Oh, my God.  Is that true?
My mom doesn't go anywhere.  She even does the shopping network. I'm gonna die a virgin.
Yeah, I guess.
Your parents are always going away for the weekend.  You're so lucky.
What's playing there?
Excellent.
Aren't we the chatty ones.  Kiss noise.
I don't know, Mom; I've never met Bobby.
What's Bobby gonna say?
Maybe.
Have you gained a few pounds?  Maybe it's that outfit...
Yeah?
Buffy, honey?
Uum... around ten?
Do you know what time it is?
I'm out of here.  Jenny.
You left me a message?
You weren't home.  Like always.
You broke up with my machine?
Didn't you get my message?
No, you didn't.  When?
Oh, come on, Buffy.  You know what's going on.  It's not working out at all.  I've got to move on.  I mean, I've got needs, too.  I told you about all this.
I don't understand.
I'm here with Jenny.
I thought we were meeting here.
Buffy, what are you doing here?
Jeffrey.  Projectile vomit.
So that's your tutor, huh?  What is he, like, your boyfriend now?
So I noticed.
I can take care of myself, Jeffrey.
'Bye.
I can't get sick.  You know -- training and all.  I'm gonna be late.
I went to sleep.  I think I have the flu or something.
Where were you last night?  I called your house like four times.
I do?  I guess I do.
Hey, baby, how ya doing?  You look beat.
Jealous?
Are you going out with Jeffrey tonight?
Hi.
Hey there.
Nothing.  It was just a dream.
Come on, what was it?
Nothing.
What'd you dream about?
You were having a nightmare.
Oh, wow.  Oh, wow.  Oh, wow.
Mmmnkay.
I just want to see the basketball scores.  It's important.
Oh.  Who's in it?  I know what it is.  It's what's on instead of the movie.
It's the news, Buffy.
What show is this?
Hey, it works for me.  If they want to leave you alone in the house, all helpless and vulnerable...
Something like that.
Real 'quality-timers,' Hugh.
Well... it's possible they think my name's Bobby.
I... yeah, I'm okay.  I'm fine.
You okay?
I am so sure.
I am a God!  A God!
No...
This?  This is you only weapon? Your puny faith?
I think you've forgotten something.
You're even weaker than the others.
What?
Have you ever thrown up in the front row of a Richard Marx concert?
Ah, my fool is dead.  He was careless, always.  Still, I'll pull out your tongue for that.  Don't you understand?  I've killed you a dozen times.  Your life is not a blink of my eye, not a single breath.  I have lived in the shadows, in the pulsing filth behind men's eyes.  A thousand years, and more. I have conversed with the worms that fed on my corpse and I have bathed in the blood of emperors.
You're the boss, boss.  I just thought maybe we should wait.
We've come all this way.  We just have to check it out.  I got a hunch.
Who's afraid?  Besides me, I mean.
Don't be such a fraidy-cat.
I didn't say it was a bad idea, I just said the timing was off.  We could maybe wait till later.
Get away from me!
Are you okay?
Buffy, there's no way you're going out there alone.
Good thing one of us was prepared.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
You're staying here.  Some of them might not come after me.  If they don't this place is gonna turn into a total stain.
Are you nuts, Buffy?  There's a hundred of them out there.  They'll rip us apart.
I'm going out the front.
I don't actually think Jeffrey's gonna notice.
Will I get the shit kicked out of me if I ask you to dance?
Yeah, you look like you're having a swell time.
I'm glad you came.
That's me.
Pretty shallow of you.
I crashed your party.
Benny was right.  You guys are all exactly the same.
Leave me alone.
I should have known.
Right.  I'm the chosen one.  And I choose to be shopping.
But, Buffy, you're the guy, the chosen guy.
He did what he was supposed to.
Listen, I know you're bummed about your friend, and I'm really sorry...
I don't want to kill anybody, and I don't want to talk about it anymore.
You got that right.  I thought you wanted to kill vampires.
It's not a mixer.  It's the senior dance.  And it's important.  You wouldn't understand.
I don't believe this.  The world's under attack by the legions of the undead and you're going to a mixer?
In order to dance and to drink punch and to be with my friends. Comprende?
What for?
I'm going to the dance.
Second word... sound like 'dance'.
I'm going to the senior dance.
Come again?
For the dance.
Dress, huh?  What for?
A dress.
Cool.  I could actually use a couple of Allen wrenches.  What do you need?
I'm going shopping.  Don't try to stop me.
I been working on some stuff for you.  What'cha doing?
Merrick...
Who?
Oh, God.  It's him.  I think it's him.
Buffy?  What's wrong?
I think I could help.  You gonna tell me you don't need help?
Pike, I don't think you're up to this.
Besides, Oxnard sucks.
Thanks.
I don't know.  I kind of thought I ought to be here.  You know, this isn't exactly the kind of thing you can run away from.
Why'd you come back?
I know.
I didn't expect to see you.
You know, you saved my life.  And I just wanted to say... I forgive you for talking during the movie. Almost.
Yeah?
Hey, Buffy...
Mmkay.
Oh, I'll be fine.  Got my chair, got my window, I'm great.
You sure?
I think I'll just hang out here. Make sure the sun comes up and everything.
I'm kinda beat.  You can stay in my mom's room if you want.
No, you're not.
It's weird.  I went back to my old grade school once, to the playground -- I used to hang out there all the time, playing on the swings and stuff... I went back and it was so tiny, the whole place.  I couldn't even fit on the swings.  Everything just looked so small.  I'm sorry.  I'm babbling.
I know.  My guidance counselor never mentioned anything about vampires. 'Prison' came up a few times, but nothing about undead.
Three weeks ago all I thought about was... well, I didn't actually think about anything.  I definitely didn't expect this.
I'll back that up.
Things are kind of confusing.
It's nothing.  It doesn't hurt.
Hey, jeez are you okay?  You need a hand?
Well, I've always wanted to see Oxnard.
Where are you gonna go?
Thanks.  Tomorrow morning, I'm on a bus.  I'm gone.
Well, stay here tonight.
Yeah, I was bailing.  I have a friend, and he's really... well, he's really vampire, I guess.  Bad scene.
You had a car full of stuff.  Were you leaving?
God!  Unbelievable.  Vampires.
Yeah.
They were vampires, weren't they?
Not exactly.
Do you do this kind of thing a lot? I mean, is this like a hobby?
Water.  Okay.
You want some water or something?
Oh, I'm good.  I'm good.  Kind of miss my knees, though.
How are you doing?
It was.  I think it's pretty much ready for the --
Is that your car?
Hi there.
Hi.
Buffy.
Yeah, we're drunk.  We're the Drunks. What's your name?
You guys are thrashed.
Can we have a hot dog, please, medium rare, and a cup of joe?
It could happen.
Will you guys shut up, please?
Like my homework.
Like what?
You're weird and I'm afraid of you. Seriously, Cassandra, there's a lot cooler things you could be doing than your homework.
I really can't.  Besides, it's pretty interesting.
Bogutude.  Blow it off.
Can't.  History report.  The Normans and the Saxons.
Okay, guys, how about the ozone layer?
Bugs.
See, Cassandra likes it.  Cassandra's my friend.
It is a pretty crucial subject.
'One that reflects the students' growing awareness of and involvement in the world around them.'
It has to be, like a socially conscious theme.
I know.  I like your little outfit.
You look way pretty, Kim.
Yeah, whoops I came.
I'm glad you guys are here.  It's good to see you.
Get out of my facial.
Listen to you.  What language are you speaking?
Kimberly, it's a dance.  It's a stupid dance with a bunch of stupid kids that I see every stupid day.
This isn't important?  The earth is our home.
Excuse me for having something important to do.
Oh my God you're having an affair.
Look, a lot's been going on.  That's what I wanted to tell you guys about. I need to tell you.  You see... a while ago, I met this guy --
Buffy, what is your sitch?  You're acting like The Thing From Another Tax-Bracket; it's too weird.
I forgot.
You were supposed to be here at three.
Get a boob job.
Buffy, I'm gonna tell Jeffrey you were playing with another man's Hebrew National.
I didn't learn... I just... it's not a big deal.
Kimberly, it's the senior dance.
I don't see why we have to invite everyone.
Cafe Blase.
Where?
Let's meet tonight, okay?
'Just remember you're in training, son'
What did Jeffrey's dad say?
Nice ensemble!
Excuse much!  Not rude or anything.
Sounds toasty.  We're going Pavilion.
Totally stale.  And the ushers are like, the acne patrol.  We're thinking Pavilion.  Sitch?
Please.  They show previews for foreign movies.
Beverly Center.
Well, where?
Why don't we see a movie?
What are we doing?
Please.  It's so '91.
) What do you think?
Guys, what's the sitch?  I'm bored.
He knows who I am!
Wait!
And where are they now?
None of the other girls ever gave me this much trouble.
You're learning.  Slowly, incredibly slowly, but you're learning.
Football is my life.
Try and be inconspicuous, okay? Act like a fan.
Oh, I'll be there all right.  I'm not letting you out of my sight. Not till you're ready.
Toasty.  You should come; it's gonna be a great game.
All right.
I'm pretty much learning not to accept anything anymore.  Come on, Merrick.  Football.  Afterwards we can kill and kill until there is nothing left.
Sooner or later you're going to have to accept it.  Your fate.
Why because it's not my fate?  It's not in the Book-of-All- Knowledgefullness that I'm gonna be cheerleading at the Barber game?
Another distraction.  It's not right.
Make time, okay?  You're the one who told me to act normal.  I've missed three practices already.  If I'm not there for the Barber game tomorrow everyone's gonna talk.
There isn't time.
I kind of had to improvise.  Sorry about your guitar.
Interesting.
Okay.  The important thing is not to panic.
I want to die.
Well, you're on my turf now.  You're just gonna have to trust me.
My clothes have always been perfectly serviceable.
Because you clash, Merrick.  You clash with everything.  I mean you might as well go around with a sign, 'Slayers trained her.'  Honestly, you look like something out of... Pasadena.
But it's in the back.  Why are we wasting time with this, anyway?
We call them zippers.  They're not supposed to be a challenge.
I can't work this.
I mean, most of the time Jeffrey's really sweet, but sometimes he gets kind of... 'Me-Tarzan'ish, you know what I mean?  Lately it bugs me, I guess.  Merrick?  Are you still breathing?
Merrick.  You made a joke.  Are you okay, I mean, do you want to lie down?  I know it hurts the first time.
Vampires of the world, beware.
Well... there's my keen fashion sense, for one.
As for example, what?
Well, you know, I'm not gonna kick so easy.  I've got a few things the other girls didn't have.
And it makes it worse when I die, right?
Buffy, don't... don't start thinking of me as your friend.  It interferes with the work, and it...
I'm curious, is all.
It isn't important.
I wish you would.
There's a small village in Hampshire, near Stonehenge...  ... near a bunch of big rocks. That's where I was born.  My father taught me about the training, about finding the Slayers, reading the signs.  There's a small cluster of us, a few families, really... most of the neighboring villagers think we're just a bunch of harmless old loonies.  I thought so myself for a time, when I was younger...  I'm sorry.  I'm not supposed to... I shouldn't go on like this.
Watchers?
It's what I was raised to do.  There aren't many of us left, the Watchers.
How can you keep doing this?
Not if you're careful.
So, basically, I've got the life expectancy of a zit, right?
Five.
Five?
What did you think, that being able to jump about and hit people makes you a Slayer?
I...
Do you know how many girls I've trained to be Slayers?  Five.  Five properly prepared girls, girls who faced their responsibilities, who worked hard to become women overnight -- harder than you've ever worked in your life -- and I saw them ripped apart.  Do you want to live?  Do you?
Oh, fuck you!
What do you want?  Encouragement?  'Gosh, Buffy, you're so special, I just want to give you a great big hug, oh I'm just having a warm fuzzy.'
And why are you always wearing black? It's so down.  It's totally not your color.  I don't think you have a color.
Buffy...
Aren't I, like the chosen one?  The one and only?  The Grand High Poobah and doesn't that mean you have to be nice to me?  Like, ever?
Don't start with me again.
A wet!  Didn't I just kill that vampire?  I think I did.  I didn't see you killing any vampires.  You were too busy playing 'Beat the Clock'.
A what?
You are such a wet.
You'll get used to it.  I'm more worried about your tactical mistakes.
Oh, wonderful.  My secret weapon is - PMS.  That's just great.  Thanks for telling me.
It's natural.  A reaction to their presence, to the... unnaturalness of it.  It's part of how you are able to track them.
Nice conversationalist!  Yeah, I felt 'em a little, but I ain't due for two weeks since you're so excited about the subject.
You felt a little sick, didn't you? The cramps.
Does the world 'Duhh' mean anything to you?
And the alley was a mistake.  Never corner yourself like that.  If they'd come at you in force you'd be dead now.  One vampire is a lot easier to kill then ten.
Fine.
He was slow.  Very simple.  They won't all be that easy.
Try to pay attention.
What!?!
Oh.
Same one.
They were vampires?
All right.  You've heard of the emperor Caligula, perhaps?  Or Jack the Ripper?
My nails.
Good Lord.  What do you study in history?
If I say 'no' does that make me a bad person?
Oh, several.  Lucretia Borgia, Joseph Mengele, Franklin Pangborn... are any of those names familiar?
Toasty.  Were there ever any, like, famous vampires?
No.  No bats, no flying.  They... float, occasionally.  Not really flying.
What about bats?  Do they turn into bats?
Your turn.
Ooh, another embarrassment for the teabag, while the chosen one is still well under par.
Exactly.  You're changing.  You're becoming something extraordinarily powerful.
No... I guess I would have gotten Jeffrey to hit you.
Two days ago, would you have even hit me?  Let alone so powerfully?
Put your head back.
Don't you see what's happening? You're changing.  You've got powers you've only just begun to tap. Physical, mental prowess you've never dreamed of.  God, this hurts.  I've administered a few shocks to your system to start the adrenaline working.  I'm sorry I have to take so many shortcuts in the training process.
Oh.  Sorry.
I don't think you understand the full implications of --
Last night.  You knew I was sitting on a fresh grave, didn't you?
It was necessary.
I don't want to be the chosen one, okay?  I don't want to spend the rest of my life chasing after vampires!  I just want to graduate from high school, go to Europe, marry Charlie Sheen and die.  It may not sound too exciting to a sconehead like you, but I think it's swell.  And then you come along...  and... and then I'm a member of the hairy mole club, so you throw things at me!
And you caught it!  Only the chosen one could have done that.
But you threw a knife at my head!
I had to test you.
Oh, what the hell is wrong with you?  You threw a knife at my head!
Oh.  Good.
No.  You don't do anything.  I do it.
Oh.  I thought... you lead me --
No -- you don't have to --
Who we gonna beat?
Who we gonna beat?
Okay.
Yes, yes.  It would be interesting. A nice cheer.
Here?
All right.  Why don't you show me a cheer?
Sporting events, yeah.
Cheerleading.  For... sporting events, yes?
Well... I do cheerleading now. It's way cooler.
But you enjoyed it, yes?
Well, everybody says... it's just kind of dorky.  I mean, have you ever seen a gymnast's legs?  They're like --  -- the mighty oak.  It's not a look.
Yes, you used to do gymnastics. But you stopped.  Why?
Uh... gym.
I tell you, the best thing I can do right now is find out more about you.  What your strengths are, your likes...  Everything.  What's your best subject?
Not a pressing issue.
We're going to have the work hard. You'll need some excuse for staying out.  For your parents.
Great.  First I have a birthright, now I've got a fate.  Hey, do I have to take notes on this?
In a way, yes.  Your fate is inexorably connected to them.
I still don't get how they happened to come to my town.  I mean, was I born here because... because they were coming here?  That Lothos guy, and his buddies?
We'll cover it later.
What?
Yes.  They travel about, usually with one or two of their followers to lay the groundwork.  The vampires find a community and they feed on it, make it their own.  You were difficult to trace, and I think the process has gone a lot further than I'd anticipated.  Usually this goads a community into some kind of paranoid frenzy.  But for some reason, nobody here seems to be paying any attention.
Oh, him.
Oh, yes.  And the man from your dreams.  Lothos.
A Vampire-King?  You mean like Dracula?
Do you know what a Vampire-King is?
Why do you keep saying that?
There's a great deal I have to show you, I'm not even sure where to start  There's so little time.
What, um...  What do we do?
Our purposes.
It's not pretty, but it does suit our purposes.
It's true.
They can't come in, right?  Unless you invite them.  Is that true?
Skip it.
I have cheerleading squad.
Meet me at this address after school.
All right.
Go to school tomorrow.  Try to act normal.  Don't let anyone know what's happening.  This is important. When the vampires find out who you are... you won't be hunting them anymore.
She --
Where's the other one?
We wait for Robert to wake up.
All right.  What do we do now?
Just for protection.  You won't have to do anything.  I just need you to watch.
Wait a minute.
This is it.
None of your business.  God.
Cramps?
Ow.
Oh, yeah, tell everyone I'm crazy. Beauty ida.
Why didn't you ever tell anybody about your dreams?
I can't believe I'm doing this.  I can't believe I'm in a graveyard with a strange man hunting for vampires on a school night.
I have to show you.
How do you know all this?
Lothos.
I had a dream once where I was... There was like, knights in it, and I worked in this bar.  And I... was fighting.  I'm always fighting. And there's a guy...  He's not always there, but he's horrible, all white, and he's always... trying to kill me.
Oh, my God.  I never told anybody about this.  I remember the one about the peasant, too.  God, there's a bunch.  Is this, like channeling or something.
China.
I don't know.  It was...  There was a big gram or something.  And there's one, I'm like a prostitute...
In Virginia.
I was a slave.
In the past.  A girl.  Maybe... A Magyar peasant.  An Indian princess. A slave.
Everybody does.
Did you ever dream that you were someone else?
Just stay away from me, okay?
I don't have time for your prattling. I have proof.  You bear the mark.
Does Elvis talk to you?  Tell you to do things?  Do you see spots?
Yes.
Let me get this straight.  You're like, this greasy bum, and I have to go to the graveyard with you 'cause I'm chosen, and there's vampires.
To stop the killing.  To stop the vampires.
Time to do what?
You must believe me.  You must come with me while there's still time.
Chosen to go to the graveyard?  Why don't you just take the first runner up, okay?
You don't understand.  You have been chosen.
You're one of those skanky old men that, like, attack girls and stuff. Forget you.  My, um, my boyfriend is gonna be here in about thirty seconds, and he's way testy.
Wait!
Wait a minute.  My birthright is in the graveyard?  Later not.
You must come with me.  It's much too late already.  You must come with me to the graveyard.
I had a trust fund my great- grandfather, or maybe it was an inheritance, 'cause he's dead, and I spent it on shoes.
My birthright?  You mean, like a trust fund?
To bring you... your birthright.
Why?
I've searched the entire world for you, Buffy.
What are you talking about?
Not at all.  My name is Merrick.  I was sent to find you some time ago. I should have found you much sooner but there were...  complications. You should have been taught, prepared.
Am I in trouble or something?
I'm looking for you, actually.
What?  Oh.  I used to do gymnastics. Are you looking for someone?
I'm sorry.  That was impressive. The...  tumbling.
God, where the hell did you come from?  You scared me to death.
Oh.
I haven't seen him tonight.
Have you guys seen Jeffrey?  The limo never showed, I thought he might be here.
Hi.
Hi, guys.
Later for it.
Nicole...
Well, I guess you got what you came for.
You're having a fling with him?
Pike.
Sorry.
Buffy, Jesus!  You know these steps.
You and Cassandra get anything done last night?
Thanks.
Hey, Buffers.  You look thrashed.
B'bye.
Yeah, just make sure you do first. Let's go, guys.
Don't worry, Jennifer.  Someday your prince will come.
I guess.
Yeah... She's okay, though.
Cassandra's really smart.
You guys blow.  I'm waiting on Cassandra.  She's gonna help me with my history.
How do you not tread on the earth? I mean, you kind of have to.
I don't get it.
Nobody is even gonna look at the game.
Thank you very much.
That is so cool.
No.  It was mondo bizarro.
I was just scared is all.
-- like she's gonna kill me.
What, it's not weird.  I just cut the stupid hot dog in half.
Come one, that was so weird.
Cassandra, you gotta come, too.
Cool.  We can figure decorations and stuff.
Good enough!
That's the plan.
So, is Jeffrey really spending the night at your house?
They don't even have Dolby.
No THX.
Excuse me for not knowing about El Salvador.  Like I'm ever going to Spain anyway.  Ooh!
You got a C-plus?  I can't believe I cheated off you.
Mr. Howard is so heinous.  He's always giving me a hard time.  I get a C-plus on the test and he tells me, 'You have no sense of history.'  I have no sense of history?  He wears a brown tie.
Swear to God.
Really?
No, wait.  I can be dumb.  Really. Or mean, or whatever.  I can learn. I'm useful.
Are we so strange?  So alien to you?  I've seen this culture, the wealth, the greed, the waste... it's truly heartwarming.  The perfect place to spread my empire.  Honestly, Eastern Europe was so dead, the Communists just drained the blood out of the place.  It's livened up a bit in the past few years, but it's nothing compared to this.... this Mecca of consumption.  The city of Angels.
What... are you?
Yes, I'm sure they do.  This place is everything you said it was, Amilyn.
My parents have money...
So very much.
What's happening?  What do you want?
I find it restorative, sleeping in the life-blood of so many.  To feel their souls coursing about me.
You are much more.
I'm just a girl.
But as long as there have been vampire, there has been the Coven; the line of Slayers.  Ones with the strength and the skill to kill them, to find them where they gather and stop the swell of their numbers. One dies, the next is called.
Ever since Adam and Eve first left the garden, he followed: the serpent. Satan.  He sends his legion in the shape of men, to feed on us, to breed his Hell on our earth.  They are a plague upon us.
I don't understand.
The mark of the Coven.
She has died.  You are the next to be called.  Why do you think you were sent to me?  Trained as you were?  You bear the mark.
Why?  Why me?
You know you must.  There is only one.  Now you are that one.  It is time.
I can't!
Good.
Got that.
Listen, you little worm.  I could beat your head to a pulp for you, just like I did last year, you got that?  You got that?
Could be.
You think so?
Could be.
What are you grinning at?  You think I was scared?
Hi, Grueller.
Bessel!  What are you doing here?
I heard she got straight A's.
She didn't even hardly talk to anyone in school.  All year.  She didn't even go to the prom.
But --
Okay, let's go.
No --
Well, I'm done.  Are you done?
Jeffrey!
Buffy?
Make me a woman!  Yes!  Make me a woman!
Oh, baby!
Oh, yes!  Yes!
Okay, what else?
Write that down.
Buffy?
She was even crazier after that.  I mean it, you wouldn't even have recognized her.
Okay.
And Spring Fling.
Throw it out.
I got all the plastic stuff.  What should I do with it?
Probably was.  What do you suppose she was doing out there.
Well, I hope so.
So they found Cassandra's body out by the railway tunnels.  Nobody's saying anything, but they think she was involved in something, like, illegal or something.  Like dealing.
Where'd you learn how to do that?
I can't believe they still ate it.
Does Jeffrey know?
Cool!
What is she...
Buffy!
I gotta bail.  You coming?
I never thought of that.
Well, that's the thing.  She landed on her feet.  Didn't even sprain a toe.  And I go up to her and she turns and looks at me and she's like this --
Oh, my God!  Ouch!  No wonder you quit.
Snapped.  Buffy was, you know, on the upswing, and I swear to God she went across the room.  Perm over heels.
You're kidding.
Buffy was on the uneven parallels -- she was really good; coach said she could have been in the Olympics -- but she was doing a routine, spinning, and the beam broke.
What happened?
Nee sitch.  No way.
Omniplex?
You want some punch?
They'll kill us!
Hey, wait a minute...
Pike isn't a name.  It's a fish.
I'm sorry.  I'm Pike.  This is Benny.
Wit-tay.
The don't.  You kind of wish they would, though.
As long as there's room for three in it.  What, didn't you bring your new friends?
It's amazing what you can do with a parachute and some starch.
Okay!  Look, Buffy.  You want to play house with the unwashed masses, that's fine.  But personally, I think you ought to spend a little time prioritizing.  I really do.
And the January Semi-formal --
Right.
Except for Prom.
You know, just because you're having full-on wiggans doesn't mean you have to drag us into it.  This isn't just any dance.  It happens ot be the last dance of our last year.
So, we're stupid now?
You're so out of it.  You've blown off cheerleading, you've blown off dance committee --
Like you've got a grip.
Oh, thank you very much.
Weird?  You mean like you hanging out with that homeless, Poke?  I saw you last night after the game.
What are you talking about?
I'm, like, yelling at her, 'What are you doing?'  And she's going 'Jeffrey, Jeffrey!'  Way mental.
Oh, please!  When she ran onto the field in the middle of the game? Was that the most out-of-it thing ever, or did I blink?
I really was way way too too.
Seriously, Buffy.  That look was way twisted.  What were you thinking about?
Buffy, the ape-woman.
Nice much.
Smell of booze much.
Well, look who's here.
Can't they make exceptions?  Maryanne Heinel?  She's such a scud.  Can't we have a Maryanne clause?
If we don't invite all the seniors we can't use the school funds, you know that.
Right!
Oh, yeah!
Okay.
Environment.  That's cool with me.
Oh, please.
The homelesses?
Like we don't have rights too?
God!  Take a chill lozenge.
He is so bald.
Oh, God.
Run.
Hey.  What should I do if I see Benny?
I am.
All right.  Take care of yourself.
I don't think so.
Ah, you'll be coming back.
You should think about leaving, too, man.  Sell this place... Something's going on here.  I don't know.  Something real weird.
No...  You want me to give him a message?
Hey, have you seen Benny lately?
Where am I gonna find another mechanic stupid enough to work for my money?
I'm leaving, man.  I'm bailing town. This place has gotten way too hairy.
What nasty bug crawled up your bungus and where the hell are you going?
Don't worry.
Ebby Calvin Nuke LaLoosh--don't think too much.
I think I'm ready for the Show.
Neither will I.
I won't be needing these anymore.
Well I guess this is it.
How can I possibly thank you?
That's great!
I gotta leave first thing in the morning.
Yeah, Skip, it's me.  Jeez...Jeez...God...Jeez...
It's Skip, for you.
Crash says I gotta quit worrying about him--c'mon, honey, we got a lotta catching up to do--
--but you're father's in there!
Aw hell, let's have a quickie right here--
So am I.  Nuke, honey, we need to talk--
I'm starting to understand what you're teaching me.  I mean the panties and the nostrils and all that shit...I mean I'm getting it--
You don't have to...
I couldn't dump my old man but maybe later I can sneak away from him...
Oh--won't YOU come in?
I'd like you to meet my father.
it's okay..
We lost.
I'll be back when we lose.
He did?
He said if I gave in to you I'd start losing again.
What'd he say?
I did.
Nuke!  You got things all wrong! There's no relation between sex and baseball.  Ask Crash.
You're exotic and mysterious and cute--that's why I better leave.
Cute?!  I hate cute!  Baby ducks are cute!  I wanta be exotic and mysterious!
I think you're real cute.
Of course I'm seducing you for Godsakes, and I'm doing a damn poor job of it--  Aren't I pretty?
I knew it--you're seducing me!
I'm trying to play with your body!
No!  You're playing with my mind!
Oh...  Crash is a very smart man.  Now c'mon, honey, give it a try.
He didn't mean it nasty.  He said that gettin' lost and disappearing from the face of the earth was sometimes a good thing to do-- especially like that.
What a nasty thing to say.
Well--he calls it the Bermuda Triangle.  He said a man can get lost in there and never be heard from again.
Yes I do...
Crash once called a woman's, uh-- pussy--y'know how the hair kinda makes a "V" shape?--
Sure.  Unsnap my stockings.
Fundamentals?
I figure we could work on some fundamentals even if we don't make love.
I know what it is.
That's my leg.
I'm not gonna try to seduce you, sweetie...
You can't seduce me.
I'll tuck you in.
No, that's okay.  All I need's a little nap.
How 'bout a back rub?
No, no, it was great.
I'm so proud of you and all the guys.  Want some more soup?
Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh--
No.
Get over here.
Just till I lose.
Nuke?!
You know what it feels like to throw a three hitter?  We better not fuck.
Now don't go overboard, I look incredibly hot, right?
Not that.  I mean the re-channeling of my sexual energy.  Maybe we shouldn't make love for awhile.
Breathing through your pingala always works, honey--
Y'know, Annie, I been thinking if it works for one game, maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games.
I'm yours.
Yes.  And so is birth.  Now look me in the eyes, Nuke--  You haven't been wearing my panties, have you?
Death is like spring training?
Oh don't be silly.  Death is nothing to be scared of.  It's just another way of living.  It's just a fresh start--kinda like spring training.
God...I think I'm gonna be sick--
It's all the same thing.
I can't keep up with you.  First you say sex is gonna make me a better pitcher--now no sex is gonna do it?!
Much better.  Your delivery was fully integrated because you weren't thinking about it 'cause you were pissed off at me.  This is progress.
How ya like that?
Gimme the God damn ball!
A little better.
How was that?
He's handled a lotta pitchers whose records were better than one and six.
If I throw too hard I'll hurt the kid.
You're patronizing me!  I will not be patronized--
Right.  Okay, fire a couple in there.
Switch nostrils?
The pingala is the nostril used for throwing a baseball.  And if you discover before a game you're in the wrong nostril, it's easy to switch.
I'm really beat.  I need some serious "z's"--
The ida originates at the right testicle and terminates at the left nostril.
There are two important psychic conduits called the "pingala" and the "ida".  The pingala starts with the left testicle  and ends at the right nostril.
My right nostril?
The right nostril.  Good.
Which nostril am I breathing through?
Just do what I say.  Now, which nostril are you breathing through?
This in ridiculous.  I'm a pro.
Catch?
Good.  Total exhaustion can be spiritually fabulous.  Let's play catch.
Sorry.  You look great.  I'm totally exhausted.
What is this "I, I, I" stuff? You only talk about yourself? Aren't you glad to see me?  Don't I look nice?
God I'm tired.  What a trip I was lousy.  I was worse than lousy. Everytime I pitched--it was like throwing gasoline on a fire. Kaboom.  I--
They did when they were in the Carolina League.
Big League pitchers don't use these.
You've been pitching out of the wrong side of your brain.  These'll help move things to the right side.
Jesus, Annie, I don't know--
They'll fit snugly against your balls in such a wonderful way that you'll start seeing things differently--plus they'll remind you of me which is better than thinking about those nasty hitters.
What?
I want you to wear these on the road trip when you pitch.
There is a lot of things you never thought of, sweetie--now get some rest for tonight's game.
God, I never thought of that.
Y'know if you make it to the Bigs you could still become the host of Dance Fever.  Baseball's a good stepping stone for things like that.
I wanted to be the host of Dance Fever, somethin' like that...
You can learn to like it.
Mmm, hmmm.  You shoulda seen how many people came to the airport to see me off.  When I got drafted first it was the happiest day of my Father's life.  He likes baseball more than I do...
You see how nice things are when we go slow?
Yeah maybe you're right.
Would you rather me be making love to him, using your name, or making love to you, using his name?
You said "Crash".
Honey, don't ever listen to a woman when she's making love. They'll say the strangest things.
You said "Crash".
I didn't say "Crash".  I said Nuke.
You mean Nuke.  You said "Crash".
We all deserve to wear white.
Five hours.  We both just know.  Do you think I deserve to wear white?
No, no--I'm fine.  Millie, how much time did you and Jimmy spend together before he proposed?
You should be at the game.
He's a virgin.
Omigawd, honey, I'm so happy for you.
Well, he fucks like he pitches. Sorta all over the place
Well let's get down to it, honey-- how was he?
That's better.  Got the radar ready?
"I didn't get lured and I will take responsibility for my actions".
You didn't get "lured".  Women never get lured.  They're too strong and powerful for that. Now say it--"I didn't get lured and I will take responsibility for my actions".
I got lured.
--Millie, you've got to stay out of the clubhouse.  It'll just get everybody in trouble.
I can do that, too.
I got a lotta time to hear your theories and I wanta hear every damn one of 'em...but right now I'm tired and I don't wanta think about baseball and I don't wanta think about Quantum Physics...  I don't wanta think about nothing...  I just wanta be.
What?
Annie---
You'd be great, just great...  'Cause you understand non-linear thinking even though it seems like baseball is a linear game 'cause of the lines and the box scores an'  all--but the fact is that there's a spacious-"non-time kind of time" to it...
You think I could make it to the Show as a manager?
Not yet.  It takes years of practice...
Yeah...you a witch?
Salem, Massachusetts?  Where all the witches were?
There  might be an opening for a manager at Salem next spring.
I'm quitting too.  Boys, not baseball.
I quit.  Hit my dinger and hung 'em up.
What happened?
It doesn't work like that.  God, you're gorgeous.  Want to dance?
How come in former lifetimes, everybody was someone famous?  How come nobody ever says they were Joe Schmo?
...  so you see in a former lifetime I'm sure that I was Alexandria, the Czarette of Russia? What do you think?
I heard already.
I got released.
Whatta you mean "why not"?  Are you gonna play forever?!
Why not?
Well...I used to think that wasn't the worst thing in the world to look forward to.  Lately I'm not so sure.
Are you gonna be waking up next to 20 year old ballplayers when you're 60?
No.
It's possible.
It's true, It's true!  Least it used to be true.  It ain't possible that baseball's not enough anymore, is it, Crash?
I don't know if I'd go that far.
If you know where home plate is, then you know where 1st base is, and 2nd, and everything else-- 'cause they're always in the same place in relation to home.  Don't you see?  If you know where home plate is, then you know where everything else in the universe is!
What's so great about baseball?
Thurman Munson.  He was covered with dirt and he was fighting with everybody--it was beautiful ...  And he called the ump a cocksucker and got thrown out of the game even though it was an exhibition!  So I stayed in the bleachers all spring and gradually came to understand what's so great about baseball.
Who?
I crossed the street--it was the New York Yankees spring training field--tok, tok, tok, was the sound of a ball hitting a bat-- and I sat in the warm bleachers to think about my mother...  And I saw him.
I was raised in a Baptist church got dipped in the water when I was 5-- born again before kindergarten...by the time I was 10 I knew it was bullshit and at 15 I ran away from home...
Why baseball?
You okay?
God damn you--what is happening? Is there no man who'll have me?  This is the weirdest season I ever saw--the Durham Bulls can't lose and I can't get laid!
Annie, I think you should leave.
I said when I think about you, I get wet.
--and as soon as we lose a game, he'll be back in your arms.
I'm ready for a complicated man.
I thought you wanted an "uncomplicated" boy?
Crash, I get wet just thinking about you.
I doubt that.
I don't imagine there's much I could teach you.
And now you wanta teach me?
I teach part time at the Junior College.  What if I told you I was through with Nuke?  He learned his lessons quickly and left me.
Who are you?  Do you have a job?
I want you desperately!
And he's right!  A ballplayer on a streak has to respect the streak. They don't happen very often.  You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties--then you are!  And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit.
He won't make love to me anymore.
I think of you and the "boy" all the time.
I want to be had.
You're gorgeous, God damn it! From the moment I first saw you I knew I had to have you.  I had to have you!
Don't you think I'm pretty?
Aren't we all?
He' s confused--
Nuke won't go to bed with you, eh?
Crash...I want you.
I'm not a real batter.  I'm a woman.
A batter has two tenths of a second to decide whether to swing--
You got me all confused.
Well, Annie, your place or mine?
Fact is you're afraid of meeting a guy like me 'cause It might be real so you sabotage it with some bullshit about commitment to a young boy you can boss around--  Great deal.  You get to write self- indulgent little poems all winter about how hard it is to find a man even though you just sent him packing-  So what do you really want?  You wanta be a tragic woman figure wallowing in the bullshit of magic?  Or do you want a guy?
Despite my love of weird metaphysics and my rejection of most Judao-Christian ethics, I am, within the framework of a baseball season, monogamous.
Your place or mine?
Let me.
Damn.
No.  Please.
Oh no, I think it'd be great! The Sporting News should know about it.
247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor, if ya think about it.
Why not?  If you hit twenty homers this year you'll be the all time minor league champ!  The record's
Don't tell anybody.
But they're nice hips.  I looked up your records-- You've hit 227 home runs in the minors. That's great!
You're pulling your hips out.
Damn.
That's my job too.
Young men are uncomplicated.  And he's not "dim".  He's just inexperienced.  My job is to give him "life-wisdom" and help him make it to the major leagues.
What'you see in that guy--he's dim, pretty boy.  a young, wild,
I'm committed to Nuke for the season.  You had your chance the other night.
So...Wanta make love?
But you were pulling your hips last night.
When you're hitting you shouldn't think about anything but hitting.  But you shouldn't think about it too much.  The trick is to use your brain to not use your brain.
I think Thomas Pynchon's a genius.
Yep.
See my hips?
I'm not interested yet.
I'm not interested in a woman who's interested in that boy.
Wait, Crash--don't go--all I want is a date.  I'm not gonna fall in love with you or nothin'.
G'night.
Oh my...  Don't leave...
I believe in the soul, the cock, the pussy, the small of a woman's back, the hanging curve ball, high fiber, good scotch, long foreplay, show tunes, and that the novels of Thomas Pynchon are self-indulgent, overrated crap.  I believe that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone, I believe that there oughtta be a constitutional amendment outlawing astro-turf and the designated hitter, I believe in the "sweet spot", voting every election, soft core pornography, chocolate chip cookies, opening your presents on Christmas morning rather than Christmas eve, and I believe in long, slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last for 7 days.
What do you believe in?
After 12 years in the minor leagues, I don't tryout.  Besides-- I don't believe in, Quantum Physics when it comes to matters of the heart...or loins.
Actually none of us on this planet ever really choose each other. It's all Quantum Physics and molecular attraction.  There are laws we don't understand that bring us together and break us apart.
Why do you get to choose?  Why don't I get to choose?
These are the ground rules.  I hook up with one guy a season-- I mean it takes me a couple of weeks to pick the guy--kinda my own spring training...  And, well, you two are the most promising prospects of the season so far.  So...  I thought we should get to know each other.
I'll learn.  C'mon--
Crash, I didn't think you--
She's dancing with me.
I don't trust a man who don't dance.  It ain't natural.
I don't dance.
Annie Savoy.  Wanta dance?
I'm Crash Davis.
He'll learn.
Oh no--he's shaking off the sign, Jackson.  Big mistake...
He looks wonderful, Jackson...
Ninety-three miles an hour.
That's not necessary, Jackson---  Okay, Nuke, now lean in for the sign.
Hum, babe, hum, babe, fire it in here, hum babe--
Ninety-five miles an hour...
Oh dear....easy honey...
It says he's not bending his back on his follow-through.
What's it say?
Take this to Ebby in the dugout between innings.
He looks great, just great!
Ninety-five miles an hour.
Three-fourteen?  Hmmm...  Look't those thighs, Jackson
Jose Galindo.  He hit .314 at Lynchburg last year.
Number twenty-two's thighs are just great.  Who's he?
She will, Mr.  LaLoosh, she will ...
God bless you.
Oh let's not...
Let's have a quick word of prayer, right here, to thank the Lord for all this--
Praise the Lord, eh?
We were worried that Ebby might get involved with the wrong crowd in professional baseball--we're so pleased, he met a Christian woman.
He's a good student.
Uh oh...  Can I offer you some coffee?
Ebby's told me a lot about you.
Shh, shh...  "They will not let me off till I go with them, respond to them, and discorrupt them and charge them"
We gonna fuck or what?
Good--then listen.  "I sing the body electric.  The armies of those I love engirth me and I engirth them--"
Never heard of 'em.
Well, he sort of pitches for the Cosmic All-Stars.
Who's he play for?
Sweetie, have you ever heard of Walt Whitman?
You think Dwight Gooden leaves his socks on?
The socks?  It's cold in here.
No, no, honey...  first the shoes and socks.
When you know how to make love, you'll know how to pitch.  Shh.  I love this part.
Jesus, what kinda broad are you?
No, no, no.  Put it back on and take it off slowly.
Well shit, then, let's fuck.
No ballplayer ever said "no" to a date with me.
You're a regular nuclear meltdown, honey--slow down.
Is somebody gonna go to bed with somebody or what?
Oh both of you, of course...
Which one of us?
Well--you boys stopped fighting yet?  Are you pals now?  Good.  I love a little macho male bonding-- I think it's sweet even if it's probably latent homosexuality being "re-channeled" but I believe in "re-channeling" so who cares, right?  Shall we go to my place?
That's what I been telling everybody!  Wanta dance?
You need a nickname.
Ebby Calvin LaLoosh.
You got a live arm there.
Thanks for the note--you're right, I wasn't bending my back.
C'mon, God damn it, gimme some!
No, that is not belief.  That is desperation.
I'm 0 for 16!  Gimme some of that shit.
If you believe in Voodoo.
Will that work for me?
Yes.  A switch hitting witch. Very common in Puerto Rico.
You a God damn witch?
Chicken bone cross take the curse off this bat and bring me hits.
What's that?
You're outta here!
You're a cocksucker!
Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here!
Beg me again!
Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here!
Beg me!
Try it!  Go ahead.  Call me a cocksucker!
You want me to call you a cocksucker?!
You're close, Crash, you want me to run you?  I'll run you!
You're in the wrong business, Jack--you're Sears-Roebuck material!
I didn't spit on you!
You spit on me!
You missed the tag!
No!  I said It was a cock-sucking call and you can't run me for that!
Did you call me a cocksucker?
It was a cocksucking call!
Don't bump me.
God damn It, Jack, he still ain't touched the plate.
You missed him!
I got him on the knee!
You too...Meat.
Nuke--  Good luck.
Yeah, thanks for everything.
It's the best, Nuke...the absolute fucking best.
Maybe you do.  Y'know I'm starting to like this game--baseball's a helluva good way to make a living.
I don't need a crazy woman in my life.
Well, I got Annie all warmed up for ya...  She's just waiting for you to show up, y'know...
I know.  I just like to see you get all worked up.
No.  Fear and arrogance, you, hayseed, not ignorance!
Fear and ignorance.
You will.  Look, Nuke--these Big League hitters are gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile-- don't worry about it.  Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat.  That's the secret.  You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance.
No.
I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon.  D'you understand that?
Forget it.
Sorry about last night.
If ya get in a fight with some asshole, never hit his with your pitching hand.  ya might get injured.  That's another lesson for ya--now quit fucking around and help me up.
What?
Good.  Good.  That's terrific...
My right.
Nuke...tell me something.  Did you hit me with your right or your left?
You know what the difference Is between hitting .250 and hitting .300?  1 got it figured out.  Twenty-five hits a year in 500 at bats is 50 points.  Okay?  There's 6 months in a season, that's about 25 weeks--you get one extra flare a week--just one--a gork, a ground ball with eyes, a dying quail-- just one more dying quail a week and you're in Yankee Stadium!
I'll take you back to the hotel.
Okay, I'll kick your ass there.
No.
Come over here into the light so I can kick your ass.
You're a great catcher.
Why are you a fuck?  'Cause you got talent.  I got brains.  But you got talent! You're God damn left arm is worth a million dollars a year.  All my limbs put together are worth 7 cents a pound--and that's for science and dog meat.
Why am I a fuck?
You fuck!
C'mon, we got nothin' to fight about.
God damn it, you fucking virgin prick--step outside.
I don't wanta fight you, I wanta thank you.  Let's have a drink and forget this--
C ' mon!
Settle what?
Let go of me!
I'm trying to thank you.
Then go.
I'm going to the Show.
Shut up.  I'm playing.  Oh you won't regret it, young girls don't forget it, lost in their own wilderness ...  But it's all so easy--Just try a little tenderness...
Club's expanding its roster to finish the season--
Hey, guys, I got a game to pitch.
Anybody says anything bad about Millie, I'll break his neck.
I'm nervous--my old man's here.
What's wrong?
You outta your mind?  If you give in now you might start losing.  Never fuck with a winning streak.
She's getting steamed 'cause I'm still re-channeling my sexual energy--maybe I should cave in and sleep with her once just to calm her down.  What'ya think?
Yep.  So how's Annie?
"...Good Lord willing, things'll work out."
Write, write--"I just wanta give It my best shot and, Good Lord willing, things'll work out."
Jesus.
Of course.  That's the point.  "I'm just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub."
Boring.
Write this down.  "We gotta play 'em one day at a time."
Learn your cliches.  Study them. Know them.  They're your friends.
What do I gotta do?
It's time you started working on your interviews.
I love winning, Crash, you hear me?  I love It.  Teach me everything.
Yep.  He really crushed that dinger, didn't he.  Musta gone 450 feet...damn...
You told him I was throwing a deuce, right?
You're the boss.
It'll keep the fear of God in the hitters.  Trust me.
Why?!  I'm finally throwin' the damn thing where I want to.
I want you to throw this one at the bat rack.
Hey, I'm cruisin', man--what're you doing out here?!
The moment's over.  If this guy starts me off with a breaking ball, I'm going downtown--
Can't you let me enjoy the moment?
Your fastball was up and your curveball was hanging--in the Show they woulda ripped you.
I was great, eh?
Annie's a smart lady.
Annie says her panties will keep one side of my brain occupied while I'm on the mound, thus keeping my brain slightly off center, which is where it should be for artists and pitchers.  She also said I should throw whatever pitches you call for.
I know, I know--I have that dream all the time.  We're almost home.
I was playing naked.
If he had a good breaking ball, I'd respect the shit outta him.
What would you think of a pitcher who wore women's panties?
What?
Can I ask you something?
God--what a Big League move.
Party without me.
I won't have to.
If I get laid, you won't tell Annie?
Go for it.
You're weird, man--I want a ice skater real bad.
I just wanta play everyday despite small nagging injuries--and go home to a woman who appreciates how full of crap I truly am.
You're through with one night stands?!  What do you want?
By the dozen.  Holiday on Ice, Ice Capades, Ice Follies--  I'm through with one night stands.
"Naw"?  There's ice skaters coming! You ever made love to an ice skater?
Naw...
This is from Tony for the rainout. C'mon, man, let's go to the party.
God damn it I'm sick of you calling me "Meat"!  You wanta step outside!
You could be one of those guys-- but you don't give a fuck, Meat.
Yep.
You been in the Majors?
You don't need a quadraphonic Blaupunkt--you need a curve ball.  In the Show, everybody can hit the fastball.
I ain't pissing nothing away--I got a Porsche already.  A 944 with A.C. and a quadraphonic Blaupunkt.
You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away.
A gift.  When you were a baby the gods reached down and turned your left arm into a thunderbolt.
What do I got?
'Cause you don't respect yourself, which is your problem, but you don't respect the game--and that's my problem.  You got a gift.
How come you don't like me?
Gimme that.
Oh she may get wooly, women do get wooly, because of all the stress...
I told him.
How?
He did know.
I'm having a blast.  God, that sucker teed off on it just like he knew I was gonna throw a fastball.
An' he scrambled the son of a bitch.  Having fun yet?
Well, I held it like an egg.
Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh?
Why's he always call me "Meat"? I'm the guy driving a Porsche.
Fastball.
Awright, meat, give him your heat.
But he ain't seen my heat--
"To announce your fucking presence with authority"?  This guy's a first ball fastball hitter.  He's looking for heat.
I wanta throw the heater to announce my presence with authority.
Why you shaking me off?
Shake off the pitch.  Throw what you wanta.
Fun?  What's he know about fun?  Why's he calling for a curveball? I wanta bring heat.
Don't think.
I thought I was--
Drive off your back leg.  You pitch with your legs as much as your arms-
Now, Nuke, would I do a thing like that?  Hey kids, this is the great Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh.
Hey!  What're you guys doing here-- stealing my girl?
Crash, shut the door.
Yeah, Skip, you wanted to see me?
What're you thinking about out here, Nuke?
I don't know.  I haven't caught anything yet.
You can keep going to the ballpark and keep gettin' paid to do it.  Beats hell outta working at Sears.
And where can I go?
We want you to room with him on the road and stay on his case all year.  He can go all the way.
'Cause of Ebby Calvin LaLoosh.  The Big Club's got a hundred grand in him-
I'm too old for this shit.  Why the hell am I back in "A" ball?
The Crash Davis. ) And you, Larry Hockett, should recognize me 'cause five years ago in the Texas League when you were pitching for El Paso and I was hitting cleanup for Shreveport, you hung a curve on an 0-2 pitch of a 3-2 game in bottom of the 8th and I tattooed it over the Goodyear Tire sign, beat you 4-3-- and I got a free wheel alignment from Goodyear.
Crash Davis?
See ya at the yard, Meat.
Who you calling a "boy"?
It's a damn easy thing to play with.
She's playing with my mind.
Shut up--I like this song...  April in Paris, this is a feeling, No one can ever reprieve...
We fight, she gets the clown-- how's that happen?
C'mon, Meat.  You can't hit me 'cause you're starting to think about it already, you're starting to think how embarrassing it'll be to miss, how all these people would laugh.  C'mon, Rook--show me that million dollar arm 'cause I'm getting a good idea about the five cent head--
No way.
Throw it.  C'mon, right in the chest.
Don't try me.
From what I hear you couldn't hit a bull in the ass with a slingshot
I'd kill ya.
Hit me in the chest with this...
I ain't hitting a man first.
Take the first shot at me.
Pussy.
I don't believe in fighting.
Love to--
Step outside, pal.
If it makes you and mom feel better, go for it.  I gotta run--
We'll pray anyway.
Dad--if my curveball is hanging, God ain't gonna help me.
We'll be praying for you.
No.  If I screw up, I wanta do it alone.  I'll call.
I was thinking I could fly up and spend a week in the Big Leagues with you--help you get comfortable.
I gotta go now, Dad.
We're getting married.
Well tell 'em, honey.
You can do anything you want.  Hop in.
Can I give you my testimony?
No.
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?
Hi, Jimmy.  Want a ride?
I put in a word for you with the organization--told 'em I thought you'd make a fine minor league manager someday...Might be an opening at Salem next year--
Some kid hittin' .300 in Lynchburg ...probably a bust.
The organization wants to make a change...now that Nuke's gone they wanta bring up some young catcher...
Check it out.
It's a damn convention.
What the hell's going on out there?
Okay...
He said his chakras were jammed and he was breathing out of the wrong nostril.
Nuke's overthrowing tonight, he don't look loose.  Anything bothering him?
I'm getting too old for this game.
I heard he's wearing women's underwear--and he's breathing through his pingala nostril.
Jesus--what's got into Nuke?
...and one helluva guy.
Patkin was a tribute to baseball...
Look, guys--I'm a man, I got needs too.  I understand this party-- but...  sex is the one thing you can get further behind in and catch up faster than anything I know.  There's a baseball lesson in there somewhere.  Where's Crash?
It's a miracle.
Eight and twenty-four!  How'd we ever win 8 games?
Eight and twenty-four.
Eight and sixteen?!  How'd we ever win eight?  Jose, what's this sign?
We're eight and sixteen.
You guys lollygag the ball around the infield, ya lollygag you're- way to first, ya lollygag in an' outta the dugout.  You know what that makes ya  Lollygaggers.  What's our record, Larry?
Even if it's the Carolina League-- this is a chance to play everyday.
Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once.  Sold Lady Kenmores--it's nasty, nasty work.
You been around, you're smart, you're professional, you know what it takes--  We want you to mature the kid.
But he ain't quite sure which plane he's on, y'know what I mean...
--we had the gun on him tonight-- the last five pitches he threw were faster than the first five. 96 miles an hour, 98, 97, 97. 97.   He's got the best young arm I've seen in 30 years.
He's got a million dollar arm and a five cent head.
I'm Joe Riggins.  Sit down
Ohyeah.  I shoulda throwed a slider.  Damn, Crash, how're ya?
League record.  And he hit the Radio Announcer, a Sportswriter, and the Bull Mascot twice--also league records--  Joe, the guy's got some serious shit.
Struck out eighteen...
It's a league record.
He walked eighteen?!
C'mon big 'un, you're okay...
Little high.
Better find our bonus baby, eh?
No.  The guy's professional debut and he forgets about it.
Ain't he warning up?
Where's Ebby?
Your breaking ball's getting better but ya need a change up.
I'm Nuke LaLoosh.  With the Bulls.
Ain't here.
Looking for Crash Davis.
Who ain't?
Jim looking for somebody.
What'you want, kid?
Don't tell him I told you--he'd break my neck.
He goes to a whorehouse every night?
Goddamn, that's great!  Jesus!  Listen, Crash don't like anybody to know it but--  Most nights he goes down to, you know, down to Niggertown.  To Sandy's...  the whorehouse.
They called me up to the Show and I wanta tell Crash goodbye.
Well, I'd rather not say.
Where does he go?
Crash ain't there.  He never gets back till four or five--
Now, instead of the cops only lookin' at Nicky, they started looking at Green too. And he was supposed to be our squeaky...
I'm a little in shock, quite frankly...
Why are you doing this to me?
It turned out Phil Green, Mr Integrity, had a partner nobody knew about... and when she showed up and started demanding some money from the Tangiers...
I can't believe you're doing this.
...was gonna stop what came up next at the casino.
It's like everything else in this place. You don't do it yourself, it never gets done.
What are you talking about?
Look at that. Look at this. There's nothin'... look how many blueberries your muffin has and how many mine has. Yours is falling apart. I have nothing.
What?
Look at yours.
Phil, I can understand. You're in the finances, you're upstairs, but you are not on the floor. I got thousands of players. I got five hundred dealers.  They're all lookin' to rob me blind, twenty-four hours a day. I have to let them know I'm watching all the details, all the time; that there is not one single thing I will not catch as I am over here.
This is his state. His uncle's Chief Judge. His brother-in-law runs the County Commission. I don't know how many other relatives he's got in town.  There's gotta be a way to work him back in.
So what? Everybody out here with cowboy boots is a fuckin' county commissioner or related to a county commissioner. I'm fuckin' sick of it.
But you can't just fire him. Webb's his brother-in-law. He's County Commissioner.
I mean, the guy is history as far as I'm concerned. History.
...he did what he was told.
Thank you.
Yes, you were.
You know damn well I was at that dinner, and you swore to me that I would have a fair hearing at that dinner! Did you not?! Did you not?!  Well, tell me I was at least at the dinner! A-allow me that much.  Give me that much at least!
I was in the building!
You were in the m- You were in the building.
Was I at that dinner?
You were wandering around.
Was I at that dinner?
You were wandering around.
Was I at that dinner?
You were wandering around.
Was I at that dinner? Just tell me -
The only time I was at the Tangiers was when I had dinner with Barney Greenstein.
He's lying.
Mr Rothstein is being very typical to this point.
Liar.
Uh, I - I'd... I'd like to answer - answer that at this time.
I never comped you?! I don't comp you at least two or three times a month at the Tangiers?!
That's right.
You were never my guest?!
I was never - I was never your guest at the Tangiers.
Good to see ya.  William would you...
Hey, I need a room. Need a room.
Hello, Senator.
Hi, Ace.
I can't do that.
I would forget about the maneuver. I would just get out.
All right, look, if he took a break, it would just give everybody some time to maneuver. That's all I'm saying. It's all that I'm saying.
They ain't sendin' Nicky nowhere.
I don't know, he doesn't listen to me. Maybe he should...  get lost for a while. Take a vacation. Would that be so bad?
What do you propose?
Know what my problem is? Every time they mention my name in the papers, these cocksuckers, they mention Nicky, too. How the fuck does that help?  I mean, the heat he brought down is murder!  We had a police department who was cooperative. He's pissed them off so much now that nobody can make a move anymore. I mean, what do you do about that?
The old man said, 'Maybe your friend should give in.'  And when the old man says 'maybe', that's like a papal bull. Not only should you quit, you should run!
Walk away? Andy, you can't be serious. How can I walk away? Don't you see what's goin' on here? Don't you see what's at stake?
These guys back home don't give a fuck about the Supreme Court and any of this bullshit! They want things to quiet down. They want you to walk away from -
First of all, what they did was totally unconstitutional. We're already on the list to be heard before the Supreme Court of the United States later this year.
It's a pity in this...
He's on all night, screamin' about how he's gonna take his damn lawsuit all the way to the Supreme Court. He really must be crazy. He's gonna go to Washington with this?  He's out of his fuckin' mind.
Nobody's gonna interfere with your running the casino. I guarantee it.
I'm serious. No interference.
You got it.
It's a tough proposition, Andy. You, you know, if I did it, I'd have to run it my way.
Why would they want to find out? We're puttin' a hundred million into this desert here. Why would they want to lock us out?  And besides, they'll never find out. All you gotta do is keep changing your job title. Like, uh, from Casino Executive to Food and Beverage Chairman. And what happens it, they take your application, they put it at the bottom of the pile. I know guys workin' there for thirty years, don't have a license.
But what happens when they do find out?
You don't have to have a license to work in a casino. All you gotta do is apply for one. The state law says you can work in a casino while they're processing your application. They got a ten-year backlog.
...this check for $62,700,000 for the new Tangiers.
But Andy also took orders. And when he was told to give a pension fund loan to Philip Green...
On behalf of the Teamsters' Pension Fund, it is my pleasure to present to you . . .
He even played golf with the President.
Philip, if you would rise.
A powerful man.
This is a very auspicious occasion.
As far as the world was concerned Andy Stone, the head of the Teamsters' Pension Fund, was a legitimate guy.
Speeding?
Look, look. You can't stop her for speeding? I mean, look what the hell she's doing.
Hold on a second.
Hey!
Wait, hold on a second.
Stop -
All right, take care.
Okay, Randy. Thank you.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
Oh, good.
Not bad, not bad. In fact, uh, my wife's pregnant again.
Fine, fine. How's your family?
No, it's - it'll just be a couple of minutes. We got other things to do too, you know. He'll hurry her up. How's everything else besides this?
Yeah, I don't want her in there more than a few more minutes.
...I will let her in the house for five minutes if you gentlemen will escort her out if she happens not to want to leave. Because I don't - I -
No, you're not calm.
Jesus Christ! What gun? He's got a fuckin' hero sandwich here.
...been right, but who knows?
The worst was Blue.
Watch it, partner, watch it!
...stupid things.
I mean, Frank Marino was there to meet him, but so were the cops. This time they wanted to pinch him for some diamond burglary in Antwerp.
Excuse me.
Even after a little vacation, they hassled him at the airport.
You got it.  Schmuck.  All right. I just bought us a few minutes. Want to get back at this prick?
Right back.
I'll call you right back.
Right away.
Mm-hm.  1862. Okay, good. I'll call you right b-
702 472 1862.
So, l-l-l-listen, I te- I te- I tell you - can I call you back in a few minutes?
Sam, I - I don't know where she is, okay?
You understand? Put her on the fuckin' phone.
Uh, I'm not. Sam, I wouldn't...
I know she's there. Don't fuck around with me.
...listen to me very carefully. I want to talk to Ginger. I want my kid back. I want her put on a plane immediately.
Lester...
She's not here, Sam.
...Rothstein. I want to talk to Ginger. Put her on the phone.
Yeah, is this Lester? This is Sam...
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, little Dale Evans.
M- Uh, Mr. and Mrs. Rothstein?
Hey, that's just fuckin' - That's bullshit. You know, you know, what the fuck?
You fuckin' piece of shit.
Okay.
You do? Yeah? Well, if you ever come back again... ever... to take her money... next time bring a pistol. That way you got a chance. Be a man, don't be a fuckin' pimp. Now, you want to do me a favor? Get out of here. I want to be alone with my wife. Get the fuck up and get out of here.
Yeah, yeah. I know that.
She's my wife.  Look at me. You did know that, didn't you? You knew that she's my wife? Huh? Hey, look at me.
He was a moocher, a card cheat, a country-club golf hustler. A scumbag... chasing dentists for a few bucks.
Yeah.
Look, Gin, you know I got other people in this. I got partners. But I want you to understand that I am lookin' out for you in this thing.  Okay? You're going to get yours back... and you're gonna get it back first. Okay?
But one thing I could never understand, was that she could have everything under control, except for her old pimp boyfriend, Lester Diamond.
Well...
No, tha-that's good. It's just unusual. To tell you the truth, so many of my clients don't.
Yeah, sure I do. Why?
Sam, let me ask you a question. You must really trust your wife.
That's right.
So, once she signs those papers, she'll be the only person to have total access to the box?  No one else, including myself?
Now this is just a signature card.
Ohhh...
I don't know.
You don't know? What time did your mother do this? When did she leave?
I don't know.
When did this happen, honey?
Oh, no, please, please.
I'm gonna get a knife and cut you loose, honey, I'll -
Mommy.
What happened? What happened? Who did this to you?
Dad!
Wh-wh -
I can't! I'm tied!
Amy! Amy, open the door!
Help, Daddy!
Hello? Hello! Ginger.
Okay.
Oh. Have a good day at school.
Hey, be fuckin' nice. Calm. Be nice. Don't fuck up in here.
Yeah? Nicky, I want to talk to that fuckin' bitch.
She didn't know who to turn to.  She... she didn't know where to turn. She was tryin' to save your marriage.
I want to just talk. I want to talk to that Irish bitch.
Ace don't... listen, don't... don't make a scene, all right?
I'll be right there.
Yeah, she's here.
She's there with you?  She's there with you?
Yeah? Well, listen, Ginger's over here at the Leaning Tower with me.
...Ginger's missing and she tied Amy up and she locked her in her room. I gotta find her. I don't know where the hell she is.
Well...
...uh, you know, I just wanted to talk to you a minute.
Well...
How'd you know I was here?
No, I'm not okay.
Yeah, what are you doin'? You okay?
Nick?
It's me.
Yeah, uh, who's this?
Sammy.
Hello.
Well, once you get her here, you think about it, you know?  But get the kid back here. She wants to come back. That's the, uh, that's the main thing here. You want your kid, don't you? Huh?
She's driving me fuckin' crazy.
I think if you, uh, okay it, you know, assure her that she's gonna be all right, she'll come back.
I don't know. What am I gonna do with this woman? I don't know...  She's drivin' me fuckin' crazy.
I know. Why didn't you come to me? I mean, this is family, it ain't business. Meanwhile, you make calls back home. Sammy, it makes us look bad out here, you know what I mean? Back and forth, this one and that one, and, in the meantime, she's gone anyway. Am I right?
Yeah, she's with that cocksucker again... and they got Amy.
She was afraid to call you.
And what'd she want?
I just told you. She called me.
Yeah.
Ginger called me.
I'm gonna okay you ten and get you even, and that's it. Then you got to get out of here before the cops and the newspapers are all over you.
Just give me the money. Fuckin' give me the fuckin' money, Sammy.
Nicky, Nicky, you're not listenin' to me. I'm here to help you. What's the matter with you?  You're gonna bury us both.
Hey, Sammy, tell this Jew motherfucker over here to pay that marker.
What are you doin'? You gotta get out of here!
Get this through your head, you Jew motherfucker, you. You only exist out here because of me!  That's the only reason!  Without me, you, personally, every fuckin' wiseguy skell [Skell: the lowest form of wiseguy - a drunken bum] around'll take a piece of your fuckin' Jew ass! Then where you gonna go?!  You're fuckin' warned! Don't ever go over my fuckin' head again! You motherfucker, you!
You never - ?
Back - Back up, back up a fuckin' minute here. One minute. I asked you?! When the fuck did I ever ask you if I could come out here?! Get this through your head, you -
...you? Do you remember what I told you?
Back -
No, it - it - Nicky, when you asked me if you could come out here, what did I tell you? I mean, you asked me, and I knew you were going to come out no matter what I said, but what did I tell you? Do you remember what I told...
Oh, sure. Now you want to blame your fuckin' license on me, is that it?
Me?! I wouldn't even be in this situation if it wasn't for you. You brought down so much fuckin' heat on me. I mean, every time I meet somebody here, the big question is do I know you.
You're makin' a big fuckin' spectacle of yourself.
Yeah, I did want to go on TV. That way I have a forum. I can fight back. I'm known. People see me. They know they can't fuck around with me like they could if I was an unknown. That's right.
Your fuckin' ass! You could have had the food and beverage job without goin' on television!  You wanted to go on TV.
I'm only on TV because I gotta be able to hang around the casino. You understand that. You know that. Come on.
You know I get calls from back home every fuckin' day?!  They think you went batshit!
What are you -
I'm what counts out here! Not your fuckin' country clubs or your fuckin' TV shows! And what the fuck are you doin' on TV anyhow?!
I -
Oh, I don't know whether you know this or not, but you only have your fuckin' casino because I made that possible!
Yeah, I said I - let the bullshit blow over for a while so I can run the casino. Anything goes wrong with the casino, it's my ass. It's not yours, it's my ass.
You want me to get out of my own fuckin' town?!
I didn't do anything. I mean, I didn't order you or anybody...  I only told Andy Stone that you had a lot of heat on you, and that was a problem.
No? You said I'm bringin' heat on you?! I gotta listen to people because of your fuckin' shit?! You're ordering me out?! You better get your own fuckin' army, pal!
I don't even know what you're talkin' about, Nick.
What people! What'd you think, I wasn't gonna find out?
What people?
Where the fuck you get off talkin' to people about me behind my back? Goin' over my head?
Don't ask questions. Just be there.
Why?
...hundred yards further down the road.
No, a...
What - what, Caesar's?
Meet me at three.
Yeah.
And at the...
Practice enough this week, you prick?
...on the line and this guy's out havin' the time of his life. He has every cop in the state watchin' him, and he's out playin' golf.
The problem was, Nicky was not only bringin' heat on himself, but on me too. The FBI watched every move he made. But he didn't care. He just didn't care.
I see you, you motherfuckers.
Peekaboo, you fucks, you.
The coppers blamed me for everything that went wrong out here, and I mean every little fuckin' thing too.
Nicky was questioned in two dozen murders, but they always had to let him go. There were never any witnesses.
Nicky wanted to take over. He wanted to go after Gaggi, go after the skim, go after everything and everybody.
Fuckin' walking around with a big head. You better check yourself...
I knew what he wanted, and I didn't want any part of it.
Your fuckin' head is getting' bigger than your casino. That's your problem, pal.
This guy is gonna run to the FBI.
Yeah, that's right, the way you need me to vouch for you as a citizen and get you out of one of your jams. I'm gonna have to straighten out what you just did with this guy.
A week ago it was my business, now it's none of my business. In other words, when you need me to take care of somethin' for you, then you need me.
That's right, yeah.
It's none of my business?
Ju-just stay away from her. It's none of your business, okay? There are certain things you don't do, and you know that.
And I - what was I supposed to do, throw her out?
Okay?
She came to talk to me...
...don't do it to me...
...to me.
Please...
Hey, she came to talk...
I - I would appreciate it if you'd stay out of my personal life, okay? You wouldn't like it if I did it to you.
The point is that she's upset. She's - and you got a fuckin' problem.
Listen, I would -
No, I didn't. What good would that do? That's not the fuckin' point.
All of a sudden, you're the shoulder to cry on? Did you at least tell her about your little role in that whole situation?
Well, she comes to see me. She was upset about a lot of things, especially that whole fuckin' Diamond - that Lester Diamond incident.
Now, what does she have to do with all this?
Yeah.
My wife?
You know, I didn't want to bring this up, but you have treating a lot of people with a lot of disrespect. Even your own wife.
Yeah.
...uh, uh, cigarette holder. I'm - I lost control?!
All right.
A fuckin' pink robe and a fuckin'...
All right.
Look at you. You're fuckin' walkin' around like John Barrymore.
Yes, you lost your control.
I lost control?
You lost your control.
Yeah.
What happened to me? What happened to you?
What the fuck happened to you? Will you tell me?
Every time you're on television I get mentioned. That looks bad. That looks bad.
Yeah?
Looks bad? I'm gonna tell you what looks bad.
Well, back home they don't know about fuckin' control. That looks bad.
I have no control over that. Ronnie and Billy were right there. They'll tell you exactly what happened.
Yeah, that's out of context. Okay.
That's all taken out of context. Okay.
You mean, quiet like this: 'I'm the boss.'  That's quiet?
...okay? I just wanna run a square joint. That's it. I just want my license. I want everything nice and quiet. That's it.
Fine.
I don't wanna be involved in anything you're talkin' about...
All right, fine.
I'll be honest with you.
Just say so.
I don't wanna come along with you.
You should say so.
No, I don't wanna come -
Yeah, forget about your fuckin' license. I plant my own flag out here, you ain't gonna need a fuckin' license.  You know, I don't know what it is, Sammy, but the more I talk to you, the more I feel like you just don't wanna go along with me, is that it?
Listen, Nick, you gotta understand my situation. I'm responsible for thousands of people. I got a hundred million a year goin' through the place.  It's all over, I'm gonna tell you, it's all over, if I don't get that license.  And believe me, if it goes bad for me, it's gonna go bad for a lot of people, you understand?
Where's my head? Where's your fuckin' balls? Huh? You know I'm tryin' to put somethin' really big together out here. You know what I'm talkin' about, huh? You know!  If you're actin' like this now, how can I depend on you?  There's a lot of things gonna change out here. And if you wanna be there with me, Sammy, you're gonna have to go my fuckin' way.
I'm not tryin' to tell you what to do. But you were way out of line, Nick. What're you doin'? Where's your head?
Fuck the FBI! That prick's been dodging me for three weeks. And what is it with you?  All of a sudden, you're tryin' to tell me what to do all the time.
What're you doin'? He's a square guy, for chrissakes.  You can't treat him like that. He's gonna run to the FBI.
You think he got the point?
Hey.
Hey, Ace.
Well, it's okay. I'll use the service entrance. I'll see you at nine.
...very difficult to get in.
It's impossible. It's booked up, and you gotta make a reservation.  It's...
No, no it's okay.
Listen...
Hello.
Here, let's put a little of this on for you. I know you like this. A little butter, right, not a lot?
- no matter where he was or what he was doing, he always went home to make breakfast for his son, Nicky- Boy.
Hey, Rich.
Yeah, Nicky loved restaurants. He was a real restaurant buff. And over the years, he always made money with them.
I gotta do somethin'. I gotta do somethin'. They ain't gettin' rid of me. They're not gettin' rid of me. I'm staying here. Fuck 'em. Fuck 'em.
It just didn't sink into his head about the Black Book and what it meant. Not being able to go into a casino is just one thing, but being in this book etched your name into the brains of every cop and FBI agent in the state. I mean, you're listed in there with Al Capone. But Nicky didn't care.
In so many words, yes.
In other words, I'm fucked.
Forget it. You can't even set foot in the parking lot. That's how serious it is.
Let's say... for instance... I want to go in the restaurant which happens to be in the casino... to get one of those sandwiches I like?
Nope, there's no way.
Motherfucker.  Unsavory fuckin'... Is there any way around this?
Yeah, I believe it. You got banned.
' ...detrimental to gaming. And he will be ejected from any casino in Las Vegas...  and the casinos can be fined as much as a hundred thousand every time he shows up.'  Do you believe this shit?
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Well, it wasn't long before what I was afraid was gonna happen, happened. Nicky managed to get himself banned from every casino in Las Vegas, and from then on, I couldn't be seen talkin' to him anywhere in Vegas, or even near it.
All right.
I'm just tellin' you. Don't say I didn't warn you.
What am I doin' out here? I'm tryin' to make a livin', that's all.
Bullshit or no bullshit, they put you in that book, you're gonna be in a lot of trouble. You will not be able to walk into the casino. I'm tellin' you.
That Black Book is a bunch of bullshit. They got two names in there for the whole country and one of them is still Al Capone.
I'm - I'm hearin' things from security. They're all ex-cops. The Sheriff's lookin' to bust your balls. They want to put you in the Black Book.
Why, somebody's complaining?
You better watch yourself. There's a lot of heat on you already.
Between...
Hey, I gotta give the guy credit. He does the most obvious thing. This is the only town in the country where a bookie joint is legit, so, why not take advantage, right?  So... he took bookie joints off the street and then opened them up inside the casino. Well, within a few years, by doin' all of this, he had every casino on the Strip trying to copy off him.
You're still eight pounds over.  What's the reason for this?
But I'll tell you, he knew how to bring in the crowds. He knew all the fuckin' angles. He brought over the whole 'Femme Fatale' show from Paris. But he forgot how lazy them European dancin' broads can get. I mean, he had to weigh 'em in once a week to make sure they didn't blow up like fuckin' balloons.
Thanks, pal.
Okay.
All right, Ace?
I'm sorry about this. Really.
If he does it again, he's out for good. I don't care what it is, Nick, I'm gonna ha- I'll - I'll never let him in the place again.
What? Ho-  Hey, come here.
So what do you think I do? I threw that cocksucker out.
Then he called me a faggot.
What?
...and he tells me to go fuck myself.
He insulted Billy. And then I walked over to him politely...
No.
No, I didn't know that. But you know what he did?
You been lucky all week. They're lookin' to nail ya.
So, I'm lucky. I'm not allowed to get lucky in this place?
Be careful. Gaming agents are all over the place.
I mean, Nicky's a made guy and I'm not. I can't do that.
Four aces, Doc.
And I didn't want any of those agents near my place.
It was so obvious. I mean, all of Nicky's half-assed mechanics, they were real signal happy.
...the next thing I did, I started bustin' out high-stakes poker players.
To begin, I put money out on the streets, chargin' three points a week. You know - juice to the fuckin' dealers.
...Nicky was dreamin' his own kind of Vegas.
It was typical Ace. He invited the biggest people in town and he knew they'd show. Because he knew they all wanted somethin' from him.  With Ace, nobody ever got a free ride. Even Ginger. With her -
When I married Ginger I knew all the stories, but I didn't give a fuck. 'I'm Sam Rothstein,' I said. 'I can change her.'
Me? That's why the bosses sent me out here. They wanted me to make sure none of the other crews robbed the joint. Like these two fuckin' balloon-heads over here [EDDY and JERRY]. They were gonna try and bang us out of two hundred fuckin' grand?  Yeah, right, I'm sure.
Especially at the casino, where he definitely did not work, people got the message.
And, Nicky being Nicky, he made his presence known.
Ohh!
Yeah, he had a fool-proof scheme, all right. It wasn't very scientific but it worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves. What were they gonna do? Muscle Nicky?  Nicky was the muscle.
But I saw it another. I saw it as untouched. I mean, they had bookies, pimps and drug dealers I could shake down. Who the fuck were they gonna run to?  So, I started getting everybody in line. Best of all, for the first time in my life, I figured out a way not to lose.
Don't worry about it. I'm not gonna do anything. What am I gonna do? I'm especially not gonna involve you in anything.
Nick, I gotta tell you, I got pinched twice for no reason. You really gotta be careful. I'm running a licensed place. Everything's legit.
I don't care. I want to get away from back home for a while. I'm tired of that shit back there.  Look at this place. It's made of money. You know what the best part is? Nobody's gonna know what we're doin'! There's nobody here to see us! Everybody's back home.
Sure, you have my permission. But I - I just gotta tell you it's no joke out here. It's no joke, you know? You gotta keep a low profile. It's not like back home. Right off the bat, they don't like guys like us. And this sheriff's a real cowboy. Even the coppers aren't afraid to bury people out in the desert here.
You mean, I have your permission?
No, of course not.
What do you think about me movin' out here?  What's the matter? You got a problem with that?
After we ate, we left Jennifer and Ginger alone and we took a ride to talk. And then... he hit me with it.
Honey, come here.
Holy shit, what've you been doin' out here?
Ginger.
Yeah.
Somethin', huh?
Okay, Sammy.
Hey.
...nobody interfered with the fuckin' skim.
I mean, he took care of himself only too well. And that's why every badge back home wanted to nail him.
You find any cash in there, we'll whack it up with you.
But nobody had to take care of Nicky.
Listen...
While I was tryin' to figure out why the guy was sayin' what he was sayin', Nicky just hit him. No matter how big a guy might be, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat. You beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun. And you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, because he'll keep comin' back and back until one of you is dead.
Wait a sec, Nicky, Nicky, Nicky. Ta- take it easy.
What's that? You hear? You hear a little girl, Frankie? You hear a little girl, Ace? Is that a little fuckin' girl?!  What happened to the fuckin' tough guy?  Told my friend stick it up his fuckin' ass?! Huh?! Huh?!
If he don't know, nobody knows. Told you it was eight.
Eight.
It was eight.  Ace... tell him the line on the Bear's game.
How did Nicky collect?
They payin'?
Yeah, we made a great pair. I made book and Nicky made sure we always collected. The old men loved us. And why not? They all made money with us.
If his girlfriend was knocked up.
I'll take Columbia for twenty.
Place the checks properly. That's the way you do it.
He bet like a fuckin' brain surgeon.
Where the hell did you learn how to deal? 
You know, havin' some fun with it, shit like that.
You know, I don't know if I could do this even if I wanted to. The Gaming Commission would never give me a license. I have at least two dozen gambling and bookmaking pinches on me.
...give him a shot at runnin' a casino and he tries to talk you out of it.
Got a lot of holes in the desert, and a lot of problems are buried in those holes. Except you gotta do it right. I mean, you gotta have the hole already dug before you show up with a package in the trunk. Otherwise you're talkin' about a half-hour or forty-five minutes of diggin'. And who knows who's gonna be comin' along in that time? Before you know it, you gotta dig a few more holes. You could be there all fuckin' night.
But it's in the desert where lots of the town's problems are solved.
Matter of fact...
...by the only kind of guys that can actually get you that kind of money: sixty-two million, seven-hundred thousand dollars. I don't know all the details.
You bet.
No problem.  Sorry.
Mr Rothstein. Your people never will understand the way it works out here. You're all just our guests. But you act like you're at home. Let me tell you somethin', partner... you ain't home. But that's where we're gonna send you if it harelips the Governor.  Thank you for your time.
Okay, thanks.  Um... you know, that's it. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I can't do anything. He's too incompetent. And the bottom line is, he cannot be trusted.
Well, could there be any position... further down the trough?
I can't do that. And I appreciate the fact that he's your brother-in- law, and I do want to help you and I like to do favors, and I know who you are, but I cannot do that.
You have got me there. Old Don is as useless as tits on a boar.  But, he is my brother-in-law, and I would look on it as a personal favor if you'd think some more on hirin' him back.
I think you're way out of line talkin' to me like that. What you're sayin' is libelous, and you're in no position to challenge my expertise. I went way out of my way to be very helpful and courteous to that kid. He's weak, he's incompetent. He jeopardizes the whole place. There's not much more I can do for him.
Are, uh -  - are we certain that you want the Gamin' Control Board eyeballin' your record and your gangster pals like Nicky Santoro?
Believe me, if I could prove it, he would be under arrest.
Before we point the dirty end of the stick at 'ol Don, uh, we better be sure we can prove them charges.
I'm sorry, but he knew about our gettin' hit on three big machines in a row and he did nothing about it. That means either he was in on it or, forgive me for saying this, he was too dumb to see what was going on. Either way, I cannot have a man like that workin' here.
Uh, I come here personally to kind of smooth over a fracas about a certain matter. See, uh, maybe you didn't know it, but, uh, Don Ward is a very well-liked man in this town. He's got lots of friends here. Now, his family and their money go back many, many years. Now, friends vote... family and money votes. That's important to me... and you. And if you'll think about our little problem along them lines...  and you forgive me for sayin' it, maybe he did not deserve to be fired.
No, that's quite all right.
Hey, house is doin' well.  Hey, all that money is rollin' in. I appreciate you takin' the time to see a poor ol' civil servant.
Oh, thank you, sir.
Yeah, I heard a lot about you.
Hey, it is my pleasure.
How do you do?
Mr Rothstein...  I'm Pat Webb.
Seven o'clock.
Seven o'clock?
I'll come by.
Okay. You come by the house?
Well, it's a little too early. I'd say Thursday would be good. I'll know by then. Is that all right?
You see?  Never tells me nothin'. Ace, what do we got on for next week?
Well, that's why they paid so well.
Son-of-a-bitch. How the hell did you get Oklahoma-Michigan?  Nobody ever had Oklahoma-Mi... How the hell'd you do it?
Hello, Jennifer, it's Sam -
Hello.
Next morning bright and early, I get the call.
Let's go to lunch. Do you want to go to the Riviera?
...as soon as Andy got back home, Nicky heard about our talk in the car.
You know, I don't feel like playin' tennis.
Good to meet you.
This is Jennifer and Nick. They're dear friends of mine.
All right, we're clear.
I mean, that's what worried me, 'cause it turns out Nicky was about to be sent to Vegas.
Come on. There we go. Look at that. Beautiful.
Because Nicky enjoyed being a gangster, and he didn't give a damn who knew it.
And they were usually right.
You go and put your things away.
They were ready to blame him for anything, no matter where it happened.
Oh, yes. Will you help me fold these, please?
Half - I'm comin' down. 
Ace, listen to me.
Half of everything is mine.
No, Ace.
Legally, she can't take that stuff. Legally, she can't take the stuff.
She's a fuckin' junkie. She's out of her fucking mind.  Do you unders-
What can I do?
You've got to stop her.
I-I'm sorry, Sam.
Charlie, you've gotta - you've gotta stop her!
Yeah, refill'd be great.
Want something to drink? Charlie you want a refill?
No. Just stop everything.
It's always been our policy -
That's right. She will get fired. In fact, I want you to send her back to Paris.
But, sir. Well, I don't know why. I guess, maybe, because she's frightened that if she doesn't lose the weight she may even get fired.
...all you do is give me answers. Just - just give me the right answer.
...and she doesn't always -
She could at least lose half a pound or a quarter.  Listen...
Mr Rothstein... well, sometimes, when you reach that pressure point, when you put that pressure point on them, you know, it shows...
'Mr Rothstein' is good enough.
...position...
I...
...trying to offer you the respect that your...
Why is she eight pounds over?
Well, sir, I was just...
Never mind the 'sir'. Never mind the 'sir'.
Mr Rothstein, sir, let me put her on suspension.
Okay. 
I-I'll do it.
Right away. Okay?
Okay. Just take it easy.
Yeah, Bill, listen, I'll explain to you later. Just - You - You got a gun at home? Yeah. Bring it over here right away.
Who's this?
Yeah, Billy Sherbert, please. Put him on.
He's gonna come up with ten thousand, just the way you wanted.
No, just - just give him, give him ten. That's it. Ten.  I'll be right down.
He wants a fifty-thousand marker.
Oh, no.
Now, he's really pissed.
The little guy. He's half in the bag, and nobody told him he was eighty- sixed from the joint, so we...
What is it?
Sam, we got a problem.
Here we go. Good luck.
L'chaim. [Yiddish for 'to life']
To Abraham Lincoln.
I don't care what she is. She's an institution, that's the problem. She's lazy.
This woman's an institution.
Call security.
Fuckin' asshole won't budge.
We have some nice penthouses you'll enjoy. Maybe the Presidential Suite.
Why not make them happy?
Certainly.  Senator.
Help the Senator, give him whatever he wants.
Nice to see you, Senator.
I had dozens of politicians and state officials comin' through that place every week.
I wouldn't give the bum a mop job.
He's juiced in. He's the County Commissioner's cousin.
We can't get rid of him?
We need this guy.
For guys like me, Las Vegas washes away your sins. It's a morality car wash. It does for us what Lourdes does for humpbacks and cripples. And, along with making us legit...
...And this is Ronnie, who takes care of the card room...
I hired an old casino pal, Billy Sherbert, as my manager and I went to work.
They had all the pieces they needed.
But it was just mine.
After all the threats and all the bullshit, it turned out Ginger didn't tell 'em anything. But by then, the Feds didn't need her, anyway.
If she calms down...
I am calm!
If she calms down, I will let her in the house.
You ought to be afraid, the way you fuckin' treat me!
Should I let her in like - ?
Let me in the house! Fucker!
I'm afraid she's gonna destroy stuff.
Oh, you are...
I'm afraid to let her in the house.
What do you mean, what am I gonna do? I'm in the same clothes for two days! I want to get a few of my things! Big deal!
Who knows what you're gonna do in there? I don't want you -
Not gonna let me in?
I won't let her in. I'm sorry, Randy, I'm not gonna let her in. She - Well, I'm not gonna let her in, the way she's behaving. I'm - I'm -
I'm not -
You are not threatening me anymore!
Don't you threaten me!
You'll wake the whole neighborhood!
Don't you threaten me!
You're gonna be sorry if you don't stop that.
I am not!
Will you stop it? You're drunk, you're on drugs. You're gonna -
You come out here and talk to me, you fucker!
Get down here and talk to me, goddamn it! Don't fuckin' ignore me! You motherfucker!
Just wait there for me!
You get down here!
She, she's alone. Just go. Take the gun and go into Amy's.
Oh, fuck you! Fuck you, Sam Rothstein!  Fuck you!
You make me sick, you fuck. Once a fuckin' hooker, always a hooker.
So what? So who fuckin' blew you in the parking lot before you came in... huh?
Now you need approval from him to go home?
Get the fu-  You threatening me?  I'll fuckin' kill you in this place!  Get up and go home right now.
I wouldn't -
Get up! Get going!  Get up!
I wouldn't do that...
Get - get up!
I wou- I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Get - Get up! Get up!
And what? And let you disgrace me, you fuckin' pig? And let you disgrace me?  Get up. Get up and be a mother. Get in the car and go to the house...
I want you to let me go.
You want your jewelry?
I just want the key to my jewelry, and I want you to let me go.
You understand? What? Let you go?
I'll sign anything you want me to sign, okay?
You fuckin' whore!
Why don't you just let me go, Sam?
You listen carefully! You ever fuckin' touch her again, you ever do anything like that again, I'll fuckin' kill you.  Pure and simple. Do you hear me? Pure and fuckin' simple, I'll fuckin' kill you, you bitch.
I w- I was gonna be back before she woke up.
Let me tell you something.  Listen to me.
Fuck you.
Listen to me.
Oh, sh-
Listen to me, listen to me, listen to me.  Listen, you fuckin' cunt.
I mean, she was asleep. I was going to be right back before she even woke up.
I should have -
She wasn't gonna get up. I was just gonna be out for a little while.
I ought to fuckin' have you committed. You fuckin' do that again,  I'll f-, I'll f-
It's just for a little while, Sam. The baby-sitter wasn't there.
...you out of your mind? That's our child. Are you out of your fuckin' mind?
Oh...
I mean, you tie up our kid and you lock the fuckin' door?  Are...
Hi, Sam.
I can back him off.
I mean, it could get us both killed.
What if he won't stop?
...she did what she did and I did what I had to do. But, Jesus, Nicky was the worst thing she could've done.
I know you were with somebody. Who was it?  I just hope it's not someone who I think it might be.  I just hope it's not them.
I was with somebody.
Who were you with?
All right... I didn't have lunch with Jennifer.
Mm.
Fine.  Just gonna get the bowl for my thing.
You know why I want to do it. Just do it.
Why do you want to do that?
Okay. I want you to call Jennifer and I want you to tell her to tell you what she had for lunch, and I'm gonna listen in on the other line.
She had the same.
What did Jennifer have?
I had a... salad.
What'd you have?
To the Riviera.
And where'd you go?
With Jennifer.
So, who'd you go to lunch with?
Oscar wants you to call him.
Oh.  I got your cigarettes.
I put her to bed.
Look, I tried to do this thing. I know that you want me to, but it's just - You know, I'm driving down the freeway and the fuckin' thing's 'beep-beep-beep-beep'. You know, I'm in a restaurant and it's - it's embarrassing. I don't want to do it anymore.  Where's Amy?
You threw it away?
I threw it away.
Hi. You didn't answer your beeper.
Get out of here!
I am not! She's my daughter too! Goddamn you!
You're stoned. You're a junkie. Get out of here.
I am. I'm wakin' her up right now.
You're not takin' Amy.
Fine.  I'm takin' Amy.
You'll come back tomorrow and get the rest. Just get out of here.
Stop! You aren't getting rid of me with one fuckin' suitcase!
And don't send your guys down there to stop me! I mean it.
Yeah, no kidding. Good! It opens at 9 a.m. Be there!
I'm going to the bank and I'm getting my jewelry too!
Here. Here. Is this enough money?! Huh?  Will it last you two fuckin' days? Take it, greedy bitch.  Take the fuckin' money you fuckin' want.
Fuck you!
You're lower than a dog!
I'll get your cash. You haven't been straight with me ever since I met you! You never loved me in the first place!  I need eyes in the back of my fuckin' head with you, you fuckin' bitch!
And I still get my money. I need some cash right now. You can't just put me in the street.
No kidding. NO KIDDING!
The arrangement is over!
I'll go, but I want my money right now!
Take your  fuckin' bag and get out of here!
Let go of me! Let go of me!
I want you out of here! I want you out of here!
Come with me now! Come with me now. Come with me now. I want you out of here.
Get off of me! Stop it!
You hate my guts? I want you to come with me now.
Yes, I want to kill you! I hate your fuckin' guts!
There's nothin' to figure out. I'm home... we're workin' it out.
I'm just tryin' to figure it out.
Would you knock it off, Sam?
Plus, at the most, three suits, a thousand apiece. That still leaves what?  Around ten thousand?
At the most, which is impossible for him.
Yeah.
But even if you bought him a watch, a really nice watch, one that he thought was nice - and he doesn't know what the fuck a good watch is - so, you go, five, ten, twelve grand?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I bought him a watch too.
First of all, he's not gonna wear f- thousand-dollar suits. But let's say he did, which he won't. How you gonna get fitted for twenty-five suits in three days?  I, um, I mean, how could you get fitted that fast? I can't get fitted that fast, and I pay twice as much.
The good part was, I had Amy back. So, we went home, had the housekeeper stay over, put the kid to bed, I calmed myself down and we went to dinner. I tried to keep things nice and civil, you know.  But... hey, twenty-five thousand for three suits? That doesn't make much sense.
Mm-hm.
Mm-hm.
Twenty-five thousand for clothes and a watch.
He wanted a watch, too.
Twenty-five thousand for clothes.
He needed some clothes.
With the money.
With what?
So, what'd ya do with it?
All right...
Okay?
Okay, no big deal. That's okay. Yeah. He got his twenty-five.  That I'll live with. Any more I couldn't.
Yeah, yeah, I got the rest.
...the rest of the two million is still there?
And...
Yeah.
...twenty-five thousand?
It's under...
It's, uh, it's under twenty-five.
How serious?
Pretty serious.
...under?
What's it...
...I-I... made some mistakes and I spent some money.
I gotta tell ya...
What about the money? Uh, where's the box?
I under-understand that. I-I know I fucked up.
Right.
Uh,  I don't know. I gotta tell you, I don't know.
What I mean is, you think if, uh, do you think if I came back... do you think you could forgive me?
What do you mean?
Do you... I mean... I don't think she should go by herself.
...please. That's all I'm askin' you.
...uh-uh-uh - I'm not gonna ask you where you are, just please, put Amy on a plane. Just put her on right away, any plane to get her here right away...
Listen...
Hi, it's me.  Just who you wanted to talk to, right?
Hello.
Yeah, they're gonna kidnap my kid. What do you want?
Well, that's why I'm here. She wants to come back, but she's afraid you're gonna whack her out.
Look in my eyes. Look in my eyes.
We had a deal. Remember that?  He said if it didn't work out between us, that I could get my things and I could leave.
I mean she's only sober about two hours a day. It's usually from eleven in the morning until one in the afternoon. And if I gave her her money and her jewels now, you know what she's gonna do? She's gonna piss it all away in about a year, and then where will she be?  Where would you be then? Comin' right back to me, right back to me.  Or finding some other excuse to come and I - I -
Yeah, and I get a sprained fuckin' elbow.
...routine calls, they have to click off after a few minutes.
...on the stuff involving crimes. So on...
You see, if a phone's tapped, the Feds can only listen in...
Oh, God. Oh, God. Okay.  Okay... I'll try. I'll try.
How could you say that?  You're a beautiful woman. You're destroying yourself. You don't need that stuff. You don't need that fuckin' leech livin' off you. I know you better than you know yourself. You're a tiger, you're stronger than I am. And when you set your mind on doing something, you do it better than anybody.  You can do it.  You can do it.
No, you don't.
Yes, I - yes, I do.
That's all you care about.  You don't care about me at all.
Yes, you do. It's very discreet. There's no names in the papers. You don't have to worry about any of that stuff.
I don't need one.
You understand? Your drinking's gettin' way out of hand. I'm gonna get you into a program. They got plenty of good ones.
Okay, okay.
If not for me, at least for Amy.
Okay.
It's okay.  Look...  ...you gotta get a hold of yourself.
You know what, Ace? I don't give a shit! I'm gettin' out of here.  I am.
Listen.  Ginger. I'm tryin' to make the best of everything here, you know?  I mean, you're my wife, for chrissakes. Uh, I mean... people look up to you in this town. I don't know what to think -
I said, you can't make me stop caring about people.
What? What?!
You can't make me stop caring...
Yeah, how do I know?
I was just tryin' to help him. It's not like I'm sleeping with the guy!
What?
You didn't have to beat him up!
Look - for my ulcer, I take a half a one of these, a half a one of these. And that's when I have extreme pain. I had a three-month supply. What'd you do with 'em?
I didn't take your pills.
Isn't it bad enough you're drinkin' too much, you're takin' all my pills too?
Huh?
Didn't. No, instead, what did he say? 'Fuck him. Take him for everything he's got.'
No, he didn't.
You remember when you called him that night? When you said goodbye to him?  He didn't say, 'Don't get married, I'll be right down, we'll get married.'  He didn't say that to you, did he?
Good, so then you could tell me what the money is for.
You can trust me.
You're askin' me for twenty-five thousand. I'm not out to make you feel bad. I want to just be able to trust you. You now, it's about trust. I have to be able to trust you with my life. Do you understand? Can I trust you?  Can I trust you?... Can I trust you?... Answer me. Can I trust you?
Okay? And you're embarrassing me. Why do want to make me feel so bad?
What are you talkin' a- ?
Look - Sam, I've been independent my whole life. I never had to ask anybody for anything. Now you're making me beg you for this.
Well, if you want a coat, you got it. You know that. It's not the money, it's just why do you want it?  That's all I'm askin'. Am I not entitled to that?
No.
Huh?  Well, you know what? Now, I want you to tell me. I mean, my wife comes to me and asks me for twenty-five thousand. I mean, what do you want? Do you want a coat?
Who's fighting? I mean, I'm, you know, tell me what it's for.
I'm aware of that. We don't have to turn this into a big deal.  Okay? We don't have to have a fight. It was important to me. But forget it. Just something I wanted to do for myself.
Well, I mean... you know, I gotta ask you. That's a lot of money. You're not asking for a box of popcorn, you know. I mean...
Well, what's the difference? I just need it.
Why do you need that much?
Yeah.
Twenty-five thousand? For yourself?
Well, I would, you know, Sam. It's just that... well, I need more than that. I need twenty-five thousand.
Well, why don't you take it out of your account? There's a lot there.
You get her?  Okay.  Well, I need a lot. I need more than usual.
What do you need?
Okay, want to go with Mommy?
...they didn't know what really moved her.
Oh, fabulous.
But as much as they loved her...
Hey, do you want to see this one? Daddy gave me all this jewelry because he loves me so much.  Put your arm in there.
She could be the most charming woman you ever saw. People loved to be around her.
Hi. Nice to see you.
So, I put two million in cash in a Los Angeles bank under the name of Mr and Mrs Tom Collins. This was strictly my shakedown and kidnapping money.
Need a little help with that, Mr Collins?
Crooked cops and kidnappers, they don't take checks.
All this stuff doesn't mean anything. Money, this, doesn't mean anything without trust. I have to be able to trust you with my life.
Okay.
Now look,  pay attention to me. What I'm gonna tell you is very important.
Come on. Can I keep this one in the house?
The only thing is... you shouldn't keep this in the house. We gotta put it in a bank.
You're so wonderful. The jewelry's not so bad, either.
You do whatever you want. Do I keep my promises, or do I keep my promises?
So, do you think it's too much if I wear these in the same day?
Oh...
It's nice isn't it?
Oh, it's so soft.
It's chinchilla.
You're kidding? My God. What is it?
Okay.
Want to go? Let's go back in.
Yeah. Yeah.
You sure?
Uh-huh.
Right?
Yeah.
You're with me now.
Yeah.
It's all right. That part of your life is over with. Right?
I'm okay. I just -  You just have to understand. I've been with Lester since I was a kid. I just wanted to say goodbye. I - I just...  I don't... I think I have a right to do that. Okay?
Maybe you shouldn't drink so much.
I'm not crying. 
Why're you crying?
Yeah.
You all right?
Just what I said. You'll be set up for the rest of your life. That I can promise you.  Want to take a chance?
What're you... what're you pitching me, here?
You know I'm doin' well now. And I'm gonna do even better. And so, whatever happens, if it doesn't work out between us, I'm gonna make sure you're okay for the rest of your life. And if there are kids, especially, you know, I'll take care of you better than you'd ever imagine.
If it doesn't work out. You know, if it doesn't play out, then what happens to me?
No, I - I... mean...  that can grow as I - as long as there's a mutual respect... that kind of thing can grow. I'm realistic. I can accept that. But, you know, what is... What is love anyway?  It's a... it's a mutual respect. It's - it's a devotion. It's a... it's a caring from one person to another. And if we could set up some kind of foundation...  based on that mutual respect...  I feel that eventually you would care enough about me... that I could live with that.
Understand?  I'm sorry.
I - I - I...
I care about you, a - But I just don't have those kind of feelings for you. I'm sorry. I'm not in love with you.
Yeah, I know all that.
You know a lot of happily married people, Sam? 'Cause I don't.
I'm forty-three years old. I don't want to wait. I know you well enough to know that I really love you very much.  And I can't think of anybody better to be with. And I don't feel like waiting anymore.
You don't know me. What, you've known me, two, three months. What do you know?
I know I'd be a good father. I know you'd be a good mother.
You got the wrong girl, Sam.
I'm gonna do you one better. I'm trying to marry you. You want to marry me?  I'm serious. I mean, I - I want to settle down. I want a family.
What, are you trying to handicap me?
We're not getting any younger. Don't you think it's time? Aren't you gettin' tired of all this shit? Bangin' around, hustlin' around?
Within no time, everything was set in place. We got rid of the freelance scamsters. The per was way up.  The gods were happy, or as happy as the gods can ever be.  And I, I decided to complicate my life. For a guy who likes sure things, I was about to bet the rest of my life on a real longshot.
Good luck.
The Ginger I knew wouldn't even look at this creep.
Thanks a lot.
...she took care of the valet parkers, the guys who could get you anything and take care of anything.
But mostly...
Thank you.
...pit bosses, floor managers.
Hey, Mitch.
She took care of the dealers...
That was all bullshit. She just pocketed the cash.
I hit a few... uh, games on the way back.
Any change?
Hello.
She was a queen around the casino. She brought in high rollers and helped them spread around a lot of money.
Okay, thank you for asking.
See you, Ginger.
I'll be right back.
Ginger's mission in life was money.
I'm going to go powder my nose. 
...twenty years in order to find nothin' on me -
Long suspected of running the Tangiers without...
We all have a past. You have a past, I have a past. And my past is no worse than yours. But you guys think you have the right to pass judgement on me.
...stunned commissioners into the hallway, where he continued his harangue until his own lawyers and friends urged him to leave.
Bullshit! Bullshit!
In a  Wild and unprecedented outburst that followed his gaming license  denial, Rothstein followed several...
- you could put 'em on your expense account?
Don't you remember? You promised me a fair hearing when you were gettin' comped at my hotel and you were asking me for copies of your bills so -
...and hypocrisy.
What are you running for, Bob? What are you running for?
...'Ace' Rothstein, accused the state's top gaming officials of corruption.
Good evening, everyone, I'm Paige Novodor.  What should have been a routine licensing hearing turned into bedlam yesterday when the flamboyant Tangiers Casino executive, Sam
Yeah, thanks for not callin' me a liar. You son-of-a-bitch. You son-of- a
There was nothing to it.  It was my pleasure.
That's amazing.
No, no, no, no, please, please, please, please, no, please.
Eight children! 
Uh, I'm very proud to say that we have eight children.
How many kids do you have?
...Well, I've got a large family.
Listen, if you didn't know you're bein' scammed, you're too fuckin' dumb to keep this job. If you did know, you were in on it. Either way, you're out!  Get out! Go on.  Let's go.
This is not the way to treat people.
I'll regret it even more if I keep you on.
You might regret this, Mr Rothstein.
I'm firin' you? No, I'm not firin'  I'm firin' you, you -
You're firin' me?
Listen, you fuckin' yokel, I've had it with you. I've been carryin' your ass in this place ever since I got here. Get your ass and get your things and get out of here.
I really think you're overreacting in this whole -
You - Wait! You didn't see that you were being set up on the second win?
I really think you're -
The probability on one-four-reel machine is a million and a half to one. On three machines in a row, it's in the billions.  It cannot happen... would not happen, you fuckin' momo! What's the matter with you!  Didn't you see you were bein' set up on the second win?
Hey... Ward, you're pissin' me off. Now, you're insulting my intelligence. What do you think, I'm a fuckin' idiot? You know goddamn well somebody had to get into those machines and set those fuckin' reels.
Well, it's a casino. People gotta win sometimes.
Yes, there is. An infallible way! They won!
Well, there's no way to determine that, Sam.
You didn't see the scam? You didn't see what was goin' on?
Well, it happened so quick. Three guys won. I didn't have a chance to call you.
Three fuckin' jackpots in twenty minutes? Why didn't you pull the machines? Why didn't you call me?
Shoot, it's gotta be in the millions, maybe more.
Four reels, sevens across, three fifteen-thousand-dollar jackpots? Do you have any idea what the odds are?
Dang, you are right, Mr Rothstein, I am so sorry.
Don't thank me, just do it. You're the Slots Manager. I shouldn't have to tell you this.
I do understand that. I'll get right on it. And thank you.
Listen to me very carefully. There are three ways of doing things around here. The right way, the wrong way, and the way I do it. You understand?
All right, I will, I will.
The action is in the front, not in the back. Bring 'em up front.
Yeah, okay.
These are our best machines. They bring all the action. No wonder the drop is off.
Well...
What about the progressives with the high jackpots? Where are they? These machines are hidden.
Okay, I'll -
What are they doin' way back there? Bring 'em up here where they belong. You can't even see 'em over there.
Loose machines are right back over there.
Mr Rothstein.
It won't happen again, Sam.
Green?
Ah, yes, here we are. A little craps figures.  [Actual amount taken from craps tables before the skim.] Hey - Hey.
Well, that's all I ask, gentlemen, a fair hearing.
You've been very open with us. I mean, uh, your books and papers and... that - that's gonna mean something when you go before the Commission.
I mean, if I can't work in Vegas, where am I gonna go?
That was nineteen years ago, and they were simple gambling pinches.
I had my license hearing coming up and I didn't wanna leave anything to chance.
A record of the arrests...
...worst possible time for me.
All right, I'm gonna give you a choice. You can either have the money and the hammer or you can walk out of here. You can't have both. What do you want?
Look what they did to my hand, man!
God! 
Now, you're gonna have to learn with your left hand.
Ye-yeah.
So, you're a righty?
Well, I... I never tried.
Can you do it with your left hand?
No, Sir.
Can't do it with both hands?
No.
I'm just curious. I saw you shuffling your checks with your right hand. Can you do that with both hands?
We had to make an example of these pricks that the party was over.
Well, thank you. Why don't you take that fuckin' pen and shove it up you ass, you fuckin' jag-off?
I ju- Well, it's a nice pen. I just didn't know whose it was. I thought it was yours. I didn't want it to get lost.
Yeah, that's my pen. Why?
Is this yours? Your pen?
What?
Excuse me.
Thank you.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
You're fuckin' right, you made a bad mistake. 'Cause if you come back here - we catch either one of you - we're gonna break your fuckin' heads and you won't walk out of here. You see that fuckin' saw?  We're gonna use it. You don't fuck around in this place. You got it?
I'm sorry. I made a bad mistake.
And don't forget to tell your friends what happens if they fuck around in here. You understand?
I just wanna get out of here.
Yeah, thanks.
Thanks, Nick.
Fuckin' kids at home!  Here.  Get the fuck out of here.
Don't fuck with me, Al! Don't make a fuck out of me! You want to embarrass me and make a fool out of me?!  You didn't gamble?! Tell me you gambled the fuckin' money, I'll give you the fuckin' money to put the fuckin' heat on! Did you gamble?! Huh?!
I didn't give 'em the m-
No, no? You didn't?
You call yourself a man? You know you're a lyin', low-life, motherfuckin' gambling degenerate prick? You know that's what you are? Two small kids at home. I gave you money to pay the fuckin' rent and buy groceries, put the heat on. You know your wife called Frankie and told him the fuckin' heat's off?
Yeah.
Yeah?
A couple of guys, I owe them. So, that's what I did. I gave 'em the money.  That's what I did.
Mm.
...I got muscled on the street.
Mm.
When I left here with the money...
No, you - You want me to come over there? I'll smack your face.
You shut up.
You know where she gets this from!
Shut your mouth!
I don't want to go to Europe.
We're not gonna go see any fuckin' elephants, okay?
I don't want to go to Europe. I want to go to see The Elephant Man.
Hey... you got a minute? Hey. He's got two million in the box, am I right?  Okay, you let him keep your jewels. We take the cash and the only other thing he cares about.  Huh?  Her majesty. We go to Europe. You dye your hair, get some pl-
You're goin' out to Las Vegas, you're havin' a good time at my expense. What the fuck? I mean, after all, you're the one having a good time, not me.
Well, I keep layin' out my own fuckin' dough for these trips and nothin' ever comes back. I mean, what hell's goin' on? What are we doin' over here?
Artie, no records, Artie. What are you gonna do with records? Pay taxes?
Well, then, from now on, I'm gonna start keepin' records.
You gotta go back out there.
Well, I'm goin' all over, layin' money out of my own pocket, and I never get anything back. What the hell's goin' on?
What expenses?
Come on, go back there? I never got paid my expenses for the last trip.
You gotta go back there and talk to that guy.
What else? I gave her a schaff [Italian-American slang for 'tap'.]
Your cumma? What are you doin' with your cumma?
I was out there with my cumma [Italian- American slang for 'girlfriend'.]
Never mind fuckin' Sam. This is personal.  I'll be there in the morning. You can fuckin' try me, fatso.
Sam?
Hey, you fat Irish prick. You put my fuckin' money to sleep. You go get my money, or I'll put your fuckin' brain to sleep.
You can't talk to me like...
You know... I think that you've gotten the wrong impression about me. I think in all fairness, I should explain to you what it is that I do. For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you, and, uh... if you don't have my money for me, I'll crack your fuckin' head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank. And just about the time that I'm comin' out of jail, hopefully, you'll be comin' out of your coma. And guess what?  I'll split your fuckin' head open again. Because I'm fuckin' stupid. I don't give a fuck about jail.  That's my business. That's what I do. And we know what you do, don't we, Charlie? You fuck people out of money and get away with it.
What're you gonna do? Strong-arm me?
Yeah.  I think I want my money back.
Listen... Nicky... we talked about this... and, uh, I explained to you that there was the possibility you might have to take some kind of loss.
Yeah, least you could do is return my phone calls, though.
Well, I've been busy. 
I've been trying to reach you. You're tougher to get than the President.
Hi. Good.
No, I don't want one.  Hey, Mr Clark, how you doin'?
Well, you gotta understand, I'm giving you fifty thousand cash.
Yes.
I mean, you will try to push it through, won't you, Mr Clark?
So I put some of the money into legitimate deals with Charlie Clark. He was Ace's banker.
Oh, listen, I understand that there's always a risk... you know, I might have to take a loss somewhere.
You need to understand, and I - I'm sure you do... that in a venture of this kind, you have to be prepared to take some kind of loss.
But how much cash could I bury in my closet, right?
Yeah, that works out.
Mr Ro- Mr Roth- Mr Rothstein, where you goin' -
You just - Just stop him.
I can't.
No, you can, you can.  You've been so nice to me.
Lady, I can't. I can't. I ca-
And here. Here.
Go get a bag, man.
Um, I'm gonna need a bag. If you could just ask the guy for a big bag, okay?
Jeff, would you go in with her?
Can I go in?
That's not a problem, that's not a p-
Can I go in?
Please.
Fucker!
He won't let me go in my house!
I understand.
I'm just trying to get in my house!
Mr Rothstein. Mr Rothstein, I'm sorry. We've got some complaints about - about the noise.
He won't let me in my own house!
He won't...
Mrs Ro- Mrs Rothstein! Okay, shh!
I'll to the FBI!
Hey.
Go back inside! This is none of your business!  I don't have to take your shit all the time anymore.
She's on the account. There's nothing we can do.
There's nothing we can do. She had the key.
Okay.
Come on. I'm sorry.
If we let her get a few of her things we'll be out of your hair.
Hey, Mr Rothstein, it'll make it a lot easier on everybody here if we just let her in the house.
Mr Rothstein, why don't we just let her in the house and get a few of her things?  That way she'll get out of here. This is half her house anyway.
All right. Okay, okay.
Hey!
Hey!
...fuckin' jerk-off.
Oh my God, what are we gonna do? I'm sorry.
You - You fuckin' moron, I'll be filling out paper work for the next two months because of you and this piece of shit, you...
It looked like a fuckin' gun!
Pitch-black?! It -
What do you want? It - It's pitch- black out here. It's tin foil.
You've gotta be kidding me! 
Here we go!
Leave me alone!
You fuckin' faggot! Do you know who you're fuckin' with?
Now move along.
You know who you're fuckin' with?! Huh? Do you?!
Yeah?
Fuck you! Fuck you!
Bullshit, you're out of here, cowboy!
Bullshit, I ain't goin' anywhere with you!
Sir, you're gonna have to leave. You mind accompanying us outside?
Nicky, I'm sorry.
You took your boots off? You put your feet on the table... you shit- kicking, stinky, horse-manure-smellin' motherfucker you!  You fuck me up over there, I'll stick you in a hole in the fuckin' desert! You understand?  Go over there and apologize.  Go! Get the fuck out of -
Tell him to go fuck himself? You fuckin' hick!  Fuckin'...
I did - I didn't -
Is that what you did?
Nicky, I did -
You called my friend a faggot? You tell him to go fuck himself?
He tries to do everything...
It's instinctive, you know.
Yeah, well, that's exactly what I keep tellin' him, but that's the kind of kid he is ever since he's born.
You know, he's gotta realize everything can't be a home run that he does.
...metro intelligence cop. But it didn't matter. I mean, it was all about the kids, you know.
Now go out there and show your dad what you can do.
Turned out to be one of the other coaches was a fuckin'...
Now, I want you to get out there and get me singles and doubles, okay? 'Cause that's what's gonna win this game.
Ace got my son, little Nicky, involved with Little League, and it was great.
Beautiful. You got a beautiful swing.
Great!
He's comin' over.
Why, does it look like it's bothering me? What do I give a fuck?  Fuckin' Oscar too. All the fuckin' money I've given that prick, he don't even look over here. What's his problem?
Forget about it, Nick. Don't let it bother you.
Yeah. Fuck him.
Do you see that? Dumb Jew motherfucker. Grew up together and he's actin' like he don't even know me. I know we're supposed to avoid each other, but, you know, there's ways to do things and there's ways not to.
Fuckers!
I had my kid brother, Dominick, run it for me.
Is that the last one?
...in some legitimate places, like my restaurant.
Carmine's gone.
He's not here?
He's gone?
Carmine left?
Yeah, we're lookin' for Carmine.
We're waiting on Carmine.
Oh.
Oh, thanks, Eddy.
Well, listen, uh... Good luck with the joint, huh? 
I think, you know, maybe he went across the street or somewhere else or somethin'. I don't know.
Uh-huh.
Carmine left?
Carmine? He was here before. I saw him. He had a suitcase and everything, and then he left.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm over here with him.
I'm over here now.
Hey, Nicky, how are you? What are you doin' here?
We can't help him if -
Artie! Artie!
Stay out of the way!
No, I won't calm down! He's my husband!
Calm down! Calm down!
Artie!
But I'm just trying to leave.
We're placing you under arrest for aiding and abetting a -
What?
We're placing you under arrest for aiding and abetting -
For what?
We're - we're placing you under arrest for -
Okay.  Frankie, you're a good boy.
I understand.
You see... I wouldn't want to be jeopardizing anything for people who are our friends. You understand?
No problem.
I'm askin' you, Frankie, to keep an eye on Nicky. Do it for me.
He's good. He's fine.
I want to know... if he's doin' all right. If he's okay.
Hm.
Yeah, I know. That's why I'm asking. You see, my main concern is Nicky.
I'm positive.  Remo... things are very fucked up down there, you know?
Are you sure?
No. I ain't see anything like that.
So, I lied... even though I knew that by lyin' to Gaggi, I could wind up gettin' killed too.
Because there's one thing about these old timers: They don't like any fuckin' around with the other guy's wives. It's bad for business.
What could I say? I knew if I gave the wrong answer, I mean, Nicky, Ginger, Ace, all of 'em could've would up gettin' killed.
Frankie... the little guy, he wouldn't be fuckin' the Jew's wife, would he? Because if he is... it's a problem.
I always tell you the truth, Remo.
I want you to tell me the truth, mind you.
Of course, Remo.
It's private... but I want you to tell me the truth.
Frankie, I want to ask you something.
I'll tell him, Remo.
You gotta tell him... to take care of things a little better.
I know.
And I mean... that's no good.
What're you gonna do?
It's in all the papers.
I know.
Yeah. Everybody's talkin' about it. They're makin' a big deal out of it.
Yeah, I heard, yeah.
Frankie... they found a guy's head in the desert. Do you know about that?
E mo va! [Italian-American slang for 'Now, go!']
I'll take care of it, Remo.
...I want all the names of all the other people he had with him. And I don't care what you have to do to him to get 'em. You understand?
Fine, fine.
How are you?
Hey, Frankie.
And how are things going down there?
But I knew how to keep the bosses happy. Whenever they gave me little jobs to do, you know, to send a message, I would carry things out...
Uh-huh. Good.
Want me to take this for you? 
Fine.
Yeah.
Uh-huh. Mi raccomando. [Italian- American slang for 'I'm counting on you']
All right.
Not like your fuckin' friends out there, that... without brains.  Okay?
Mm.
Keep a good eye on him. He's makin' a lot of money for us. And he's gonna continue makin' a lot of money for us, so keep a good eye on him.
Mm.
T'aggia parla. [Italian-American slang for 'I've got to talk to you'] Nicky... See that guy? 
I'll be right out.
Hey, Nick. Vien acca. [Italian- American slang for 'Come here']
Keepin' Remo happy with money was the greatest insurance policy in the world.
Ace.
That's enough now!
I mean, unless Ace made his bet.
Ma che cazzo!
But back then the bosses didn't give a fuck about whether he enjoyed himself of not. To them, he was a cash register. All they had to do was ring the bell and take the money. Especially Remo, who was a fuckin' degenerate gambler who always lost.
Definitely the most important guy in this room.
You got a round figure on it?
Okay, yeah.
You fucked with me for the last time!
All right. Be careful.
I'm going' to the FBI! I'm not scared anymore!
All right, all right.
I don't need you! I have my own fuckin' money!
Get the fuck out of here.
Get the fuck out of here. Get out! Get the fuck out!
Ah, you fuck! You're such a fuckin' asshole!
How the fuck am I gonna get your fuckin' money now? You think he's gonna give you fuckin' money? Are you out of your mind?!  Look what you just did to this fuckin' guy! If you would have just kept your fuckin' mouth shut!  Ah, what the fuck is the use? I should've never got invol-
What about my money?
Hey, don't be such a fuckin' smartass, will you?  I mean, I know the fuckin' guy thirty-five years, I'm gonna fuckin' whack him for you?  Fuck... motherfucker! I knew this, I knew it.
Oh, well, then, have him killed and get it over with.
I'm not gonna kill him. Shut the fuck up. What, do you know what you're talkin' about? I'm not killing anyb-
If it's so fuckin' dangerous, then why don't you kill him?
I told you this was fuckin' dangerous. Remember I said, 'Ginger, this is a dangerous situation. Be very careful.' You fuckin' yessed me to death.
Me? I said... nothin'. I said, I said, 'No, no, no.' Everything he said, I just kept sayin' no.
What did I tell you? Supposing he goes back home and makes a fuckin' beef?  I gotta know exactly what you said. Tell me what you said to him.
Yeah. Uh-huh -
It's what you want?
Thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes, I will. It's what you want, isn't it? Huh?
Nicky, please...
Mm... okay. Don't worry about it. Nobody'll fuck with ya anymore. I'll take care of ya.
Yeah.
A sponsor.
Yeah.
Is that what you want?
I do. I need a new sponsor.
I need some help. I do. I need some help.  You gotta help me. I need a new sponsor, Nicky.
Come on. Don't be scared.
I'm not and he scares the shit out of me. I never know what he's gonna do.
Yes, you are.
I'm not as tough as you think I am.
Come on, come on, you're a toughie. You can take this.  Don't cry.
He hates my fuckin' guts.
Exactly.  He hates me.
He really thinks who the fuck he is, I'll tell you that.
No, he's not.
Everything went to his head. 
Sure did.
Yeah.  Boy, he really fucked himself up out here -  - didn't he?
'Cause you always tell me the right thing to do.
Yes, you did.
I did what you told me to.
You did. I like that. I like that. That's what I like about you. You did the right thing.
Exactly.
You did. You're right.
I didn't.  I didn't. I mean, I did, but then I did exactly what you told me to do, and I came right back.
No, he wouldn't. I would have.  And he'd've been right, too. I mean, seriously.  Well, there's one thing you don't do. You don't take a guy's kid and then take off.
He's so fuckin' lucky. I could have buried him. I could have gone to Europe and taken the baby. And then he'd've tracked me down and he'd've killed me.
Yeah, right. That's Sammy. And he's probably got it there too.
He holds that key so tight, he's probably got it stuck up his ass.
Hm.
Yeah. 'Cause, you know,  He's never gonna give me my jewelry.
You know?
Mm-hm.
See who I got in there. Gotta get somebody I can trust.
Okay.
Let me think about that.
Well, I was thinkin', maybe... you know somebody at the bank...  could help me get my jewelry out?  There's a lot of money in there. Lot of money in there, and I'd be willing to take care of anybody who helped me out.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Tell me what you were gonna say. Go ahead.
I don't - 
What were you gonna say? Go ahead.
Nothin'.
What? What?
Oh, you're right, I know.  It's... well, I was just -
I mean, listen, two people don't get along, at some point you gotta call it... I mean, it's none of my business, but I ... I think that's what you gotta do. You gotta take it somewhere -
Bye.
And listen, don't do anything else crazy, okay? You all right? Okay.
I'll be there.
So, I'm gonna call you back in an hour... at this number, and you're gonna be there, right?
Yeah, uh-huh... Okay.
You just relax, and call me back here in exactly an hour, on this phone, and I'll see what I can do.
No, I really do. I think he's gonna kill me.
You just relax. Nobody's killin' anybody, do you hear?
It's all right.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Come on, now, I don't want to see you unhappy.
You're so nice. 
You're a beautiful girl. You don't want to ruin your looks. I've seen a lot of girls get shot to hell from this stuff.
Oh, come on.
And take it easy with this shit, will you? I mean, this can only make matters worse.
Yeah.  Thanks.
All right?
Okay.
Look, I'll try to find out what the hell's goin' on. When I see him I'll talk to him.
He gives a fuck what I do?
Well, I guess it's 'cause he loves you so much. He's jealous and worried.
He didn't have to hit him. It's not exactly like I'm sleepin' with the guy! And he makes me sneak around to see my own friends! What the fuck is that all about?
He could have killed him! Okay? He could have killed him.
I understand that. But, you know, I think you should try to make the best of it now. Go slow, you know. See what happens.
I do.
Listen, Ginger... you know, this is probably not... I don't have the answers anyway... and this is probably not what you want to hear right now, because you're a little upset with Ace.
I know what you mean.
I should have never married him. He's a Gemini. A triple Gemini... duality.  Gemini's the snake. You know you can't trust the snake.  I mean it.
Well, there you go. But what does that tell ya? A million dollars in jewelry. Does that tell you the guy is crazy about you, or what?
I'm told it's worth about a million dollars, maybe more. 
No. I - I'm just curious, you know. I was wonderin' how much he would put into a thing like that. That's all.
Mm, you want to steal it? 
You mean, like a lot of expensive jewelry? About how much?
So, he put aside some jewelry for me. A lot of jewelry.
I can see that. Sure.
Am I right?
Sure.
Oh, come on. I went into this with my eyes open, you know. I knew the bottom could drop out at any time. I'm a working girl, right?  You don't think I'm gonna go into a situation like this if I don't think I'm gonna get covered on the back end.
I never see - You know, I never seen him act like that with anybody else. I think he's crazy about you. I mean, he really loves you. He does.
You know... the first time I ever saw your guys together... I never saw him so happy. I mean, I know he's a crazy Jew fuck and everything, but...
Yeah. He's just a friend of mine I was trying to help, so... so what?
Oh, you did? I didn't know that.
No! No! I told him all about the guy before we ever got married. This is no fuckin' surprise.
Well, you gotta understand it. He doesn't know if this guy is shaking you down or taking advantage of you.
Yeah, no shit.
I know it wasn't a nice thing to do but -
Tell me.
Okay, Sammy.
Hi, how are you?
Pleasure.  Very nice to meet you.
Hi, Jennifer.
But I saw something...
...same outfit.
Well, you know...
You know, I've got to do some shopping afterwards. Do you want to go?
Great.
Well, you might as well get somethin' out of it.
I told him I was Mrs Sam Rothstein.
So, what'd you say to that fuckin' jerk anyway?
Come on! 
Well, how 'bout that?
Yes.
Get lost?
Yes.
Get lost?
Get lost, Ginger! Get lost!
What do you mean 'stole'? I didn't steal anything from you.
That bag's full of fuckin' chips you
Don't give me that shit. I want my money.
Ginger, I've been watching you all night. You've been stealing from me.
What money?  Look at this stack of chips. Don't give me that shit. I want my end.
What money? I've seen you stealing from me.
What do you mean, 'What's the matter?' I made a lot of money for you. I want my cut.
What's the matter?
Come on.
Ginger, honey.
Thank you, sir, I appreciate that. Everybody, thanks. Gives some chips as tips to the dealer and box man. Thanks. Take care, Steve. Take chances and drive fast.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
I'm sorry.
I told you I was hot tonight.
Thank you. Very nice.
Yes!
You're driving me nuts!
No, I'm not gonna drive with some crazy -
No, I'm gonna drive.
You're not gonna drive. Don't even think you're gonna drive.
She started it. She started the whole thing. I'm just standin' here.
Just knock it off! Would you two knock it off? Get in the car.
'Go! Go! Go!'
Go! Go! Get in the car! Go!
You're done yakkin', okay? You're done yakkin' now?
Oh, what bullshit? What, do you want to fuckin' talk it over now?
It's this bullshit. It's just bullshit right here. This is the fuckin' problem, you know.
Get your bag! Come on, get your bag! Get your things! Let's go!
What do you think we're gonna do? He's probably got guys outside the fuckin' house!
He's sittin' by the phone -
That's - Yeah, he's sitting by the phone like a dumb-bell, just waiting for you to call him back. That's what he's -
Ginger... It means he's sitting by the phone like a dumb-bell, waiting for me to call him back. Now, I -
So, he knows where you are. That means he's sending some guys over here probably right now.
I just talked to him.
He called you right here.
He was just on the phone.
Here.
Right.
Lester - he called you here.
Don't give me any of your shit!  Okay, this has always been a dream, but we're going.
We're going to Europe. Let the adults talk.  You dye your hair... you get plastic surgery, like we talked about. Right? You're the mother. How much do you think he's gonna pay to get this fuckin' kid back?
We'll go later.
You got money. That's a - That's a good look.
It means I got the money.
What does that mean? No, I know that look. What does that mean?
Uh, talk to you later.  Bye. 
Every time I ever see you, that's what I see.
Okay, then.
- with stupid braces on your teeth.
Yeah, I do. I mean, it's - it's the - it's the best thing you can do right now. I mean this. And you'll have real security.  Sweetheart... you're gonna be situated just right in Vegas.
You do?
...all the luck in the world.
God... I wish you...
Promise?
So, it's gonna be okay, isn't it?
That's right.
Yeah. This is the best thing I can do for my life right now.
Do you know that?
No, Lester.
Bub-ut, baby, do you know that I love you too?
I love you.
Don't make me come there. Answer me.
I am.
You are.
I'm always here for you.
No, you're not. Where are you? Where are you?
I'm here.
Where are you goin'? Where are you? You're in that place. Where are you?
Yeah.
Okay?
All right.
All right.
Yes, don't worry.
Are they out now?
They checked in alone.
They check in alone?
...they're in Penthouse K.
Listen...
- back to  Nigeria.  Yeah.
All right.
Incredible.
Boy, look at this place, huh?
Wow.
Hey. Hey, Sammy, how are you?
Hey, how you doin'? 
Oh, there aren't?  What's that?  Huh? What's that.  There's no more. Thanks, hon.
Look, there aren't...  There aren't but...
Come on, damn it. Don't get so defensive. It could be stuck in your hair, you know.
God, I'm telling you, they're out!
There's more! There's a couple stuck in there. I know there's more.
I think that's it.
There's more!
Don't look at me, pal. I gotta live with her.
Excuse me, but I folded these things beautifully and I would appreciate a little respect. Jesus Christ!
What a smart kid you are!  Okay, eat.
'Cause it clogs up your heart.
Why?
Yeah.
You know why, right?
Mm-hm.
Two?
Two.
How many of these you gonna eat, huh?
Take him out! Take this motherfucker out!
No, no, no, no!
No more fuckin' dirty work!
Fuck you, you motherfuck!
Frankie! Frankie, you piece of shit!
No more! You see? Watch!
Frankie!
I'm in a bad fuckin' spot here. You know that? Bad fuckin' spot.
Take it easy. What could you do? I mean, she threw herself at you, right?
I fucked up, Frankie. I fucked up good this time. Should have never started with this fuckin' broad.
Get her the fuck out of here. Get her out of here.
You're gonna fuckin' kill her. Take it easy.
Why'd I get involved with this fuckin' nut in the first place? Get out!
Take it easy!
Get out. Get out! Get out!
Whoa. Calm down.
Shh.  Hide her car in the back!
Calm down, calm down. Shh!
Yeah, either that or in the fuckin' bank. I don't know. They're all over the joint.
Dominick said they're in the motel?
Don't know.
Did I say to do anything yet? I said I'm not sure... I'll let you know. I want to think about it. Where're these pricks at?
Yeah, just let me know. But you gotta be ready. You know what I'm talkin' about?
And you make it disappear, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
And when I'm ready, I'll say the words, 'Go see the Jew.'
They'll do it.
Yeah, but I'm not sure yet.
Angelo and Buster.
You know what I want you to do? Get a couple of guys to dig a hole in the desert, then let 'em show you where it's at.
Oh, he ain't nobody.
Who's this guy? Who's this guy?
What?
Well, now, sure they're askin'. They earn with the prick. I got a funny feelin' he's gonna start a fuckin' war or somethin'.  I'm not sure yet, you know. But I w- You know, but you know what I want you to do?
Yeah, but they keep askin' about it.
I don't trust him anymore. But they'd never okay anything, you know?
I know. I know.
Yeah, what's to stop him?
Nah. You would've heard somethin'.
You think he's goin' home, makin' a beef behind my back?
I told him I didn't know nothin'. But Jiggs and, uh, Tony Gorilla said if you did anything, you're fucked up.
Yeah, what'd you tell him?
He asked me again about you and the Jew's wife.
Walk, walk, walk. What'd you say?
He asked me again about you and the Jew's wife.
Go fuck yourself.
You must have drunk too much.
What? Get out of here? I got a marker comin'.
Let's get out of here.
Sue me, you Jew fuck!
You should pay as fast as you collect, you know.
He's here.
So are we.
They're havin' a good time too.
Fuckin' Jews stick together, don't they?
Mm.
They want a fuckin' war, I'm ready.
It's up to you.
I do all the work. Somebody don't like it, fuck him.
Let 'em complain. I'm the one who's here.
Yeah, but they're complaining.
But, hey, what do they care, as long as I keep sendin' money back.
...bosses. I mean, they're smokin' their Di Nobilis and they're eatin' a trippa [Italian-American slang for 'tripe'.] and fuckin' suffritt', you know, fried pigs guts? While, if I wanna talk private, I gotta go to a fuckin' bus stop.
But he never talked.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
...to a tee. Like the time Tony Dogs...
Fine. Everything's goin' good.
Nicky sends his warmest regards.
I mean, the cops knew, but they didn't give a fuck. I mean, you know, they all worked it out together.
Remo.
...Remo and the guys used to hang out and count their millions.
Pleasure.
This is Nick.
Stacy. 
And this is Stacy.
Hey, Shelly. 
Hey. This is Shelly.
You walk past me?
Yeah?
I took care of everybody.
Give all the guys in your crew a piece of that?
Every night, on the couch.
She asleep?
I actually turned my bedroom into a bank vault where I kept the choice stuff.
What, are you gonna have a fuckin' meeting here, or are you gonna buy some diamonds?
Whenever we got local merch, we'd usually send it to Palm Spring or Arizona... LA. I had a couple of sand niggers out there. You know, Arabs.
This peter's a motherfucker.
What's takin' so long over there?
Sometimes I used to go along on a heist just for the fun of it. But I didn't like the people I was rippin' off lookin' at me, so I used to turn their fuckin' pictures around.
You go over there right now and you apologize. You better hope he lets you back in.
Get up.
Come here, come here.
Get up.
...you big fuckin' hick, you. Come here. Come here. Get him up. Come here.
You jag-off.
Smarten up.
Of course.
You call this guy and tell him I'm comin'?
Ace saw Vegas one way.
Hold it, hold it. Here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
'Cause you're a jag-off. I would have fuckin' made you lay ten...
Well, how come I laid nine?
Kill you,  You motherfucker you!  Frankie, do him a fuckin' favor.
Kill me, you fuck, kill me.
Charlie M? You make me pop your fuckin' eye out of your head to protect that piece of shit? Charlie M? You dumb motherfucker!
Charlie M.
Charlie M?
Ch-Charlie M!
Oh, God! Give me the fuckin' name!
This motherfucker, do you believe this? Two fuckin' days and nights!  Fuck me?
Fuck you!
Listen to me, Anthony. I got your head in a fuckin' vise. I'm gonna squash your fuckin' head like a grapefruit if you don't give me a name. Don't make me have to do this, please. Come on. Don't make me be a bad guy. Come on.
Your fuckin' head, huh? Don't fuck around, Tony.
My fuckin' head.
Yeah, I know, that's why you had it ready. You thought I was fuckin' layin' it?!
I'm sorry, Nicky. I didn't mean anything by it.
Maybe if I stick your fuckin' face through this window over here like, you know, you'll - you'll get unconfused. Give me the fuckin' money!
Yeah.
You're a little confused?
Well, I'm a little confused here.
I'm positive.
You sure?
I was layin'? No, no, I'm taking it. I was takin' it.
What thing? Oh, Nicky... I thought you was layin'.
All right, yeah. You got that thing for me?
How you doin'?
How you doin'?
Hey.
Tony.
Mr. Chairman -
Do I hear a motion seconded?
Denying?
...this, uh, this Commission is prepared to act on a motion denying the Rothstein application.
No, I want to have this marked, Mr. -
Pardon me, counselor. Before you continue...
Then do it the way you want.
...done right, you gotta do it yourself.
You are right. What can I...
...everything's comin' out of my pocket. I gotta pay for all these trips back and forth, back and forth.
You know, I - I'm too upset right now. And - An end has to be put to this.
You'll get a heart attack like that.
All right, all right. But I - I -
Take it easy, though.
I can't take this no more. Back and forth, back and forth.
I know it, I know it.
You know - You know - You know what they're doin' to me?
I know, but that's enough.
Mom, I'm sorry, they're beatin' me left and right.  Ma, I'm sorry. I'm all upset.
All right, take it easy now, take it easy.
...behind my head. They trust that scumbag, I don't. Right now, the way I feel, I'll hit the two of them in the head with a fuckin' shovel.
I've never trusted him. And you know I got eyes...
I'm sorry.
That's enough.
I didn't curse. I said 'frickin' head'.
Again!
Nance gives me trouble and I'll tell him... screw around with those suitcases and I'll take the eyes out of his frickin' head.
There's a lot of people here.
I'm sorry.
Since when do you talk like that?
Receipts and bills and... everything's here.
What's the matter with you?
Oh, sorry -
Hey! Oh!
Uh, I have a plane to catch to Cleveland...  Can I get my winnings?
You'll want to count the money in privacy. You know, you don't need...
Yes, uh...
Having a good time?
Hi.
Why don't I take him over to the office and verify it, huh?
Yeah.
Hiya. That's a lot of money to be counting out in public.
Adonis, be polite. She's a friend.
Yew'll be ovah in the naxt tehn minutes...
I'm not going to worry about it. We are quite beyond the computer disc. Everything will be over within the next hour or so.
I don't know about you, guys, but I'm getting a little buzz off this.
Works for me.
Ayy!  Some cat's blocking the periscope.  Somebody, give it a swat...
Have we reached the epi-center?
It's okay. Let her go.
Oh Man, not the sewer, I just had this cape cleaned...
You have to dial nine first.
I still have to call my agent--my techno-single just made the hot 100...what's with the phone?
Do I have to remind everyone that in two days, we'll all be dead. The Cult of Good will be a memory. I don't want to hear about lawsuits or cereals. We have a secret mission...
Crowd always buys it. What do we got?
The crowd bought it.
Sorry, sir. The Cult is my life and my life is the Cult. By God, Captain God, I shall not fail you..
Hey, Hot Stuff. You're still on the clock...
Yeah, all those women who went feline this afternoon...They're so ashamed now..
You know, nobody likes you...
That's a good one, dude. He says we're going to kill you whether you tell us where the disc is or not.

Be verwy, verwy, quiet; I'm hunting Catwomen.
Ah, Cats. Now and Forever.
This looks promising...
I thought we were going to take it easy until the Mission...
Oops--my face must match my cape. And to think we were going to let you go...
Cactus, I can't believe you just said all that...
I lied.
I thought you said you weren't a very good liar.
We'll hunt him down together...
In many ways, that obnoxious creep Cactus was the worst one of all. He got off on giving out pain...
You're serious?  You'd help me...
It would be honor, Brock. Now let's go get this guy...
This ring belonged to my sister. I'd love for you to...
Somewhere very far away, very quiet, and very...  This is all wonderful, Selina, but...But I'm afraid I can not rest until all my sister's killers are brought to justice...That one-armed monster..
Oh now, you put up a good fight. Let's change the subject. Where do people who live in Oasisburg go to get away from it all?
A couple that battles the forces of evil together is a couple that stays together.  Thank you, Jeff.
Quite a pair we make. Thank you, Jeff.
I still can't get over it. I still can't believe you're Catwoman..
No-o. You know, questions like that don't help your cause--
You're telling the truth. I can tell..How did this..
Hmm. Not bad.
What did you say?  Selina, sit down, the entire city is going crazy...You have to just calm down...
Tonight, somewhere in the city, innocent people will die--but then one of you knows that; for one of you is a vicious pirate-terrorist posing as the beloved superhero Captain God.
Uh Brock, today you are without me...
Exactly. I don't know what I'd do without you.
At some sanctimonious celebration of condescension. Nothing like appeasing half the population with a two hour luncheon.
Fine. You're angry. Don't be. The important thing is we're together now..
I got home fine. How's the "warehouse."
Selina, did you make it home, all right?  I tried calling, but your mother said that there was "no extension in the Hut." Whatever that means..
I'm sure.
Are you sure?
Your warehouse?  Go on ahead--to your "warehouse." I'll be okay...
This is insane. Let the heroes handle it.  I'd better get you home...I should check on my warehouse to make sure it hasn't been hit...
Well, it's just that I would think that the woman who is the real, non- imitation Catwoman would be pretty angry at some little amateur minx stealing the whole whip idea. Really angry.
What's the matter?  What are you saying?
A whip?  Now that's going too far!  Some of these women have no shame!
No it's not.
What little boy doesn't...  My God...it's, it's...Catwoman.
I'm sorry I went off like that, I get passionate. I--I guess I'm a passionate person. One of those things I had forgotten.  When you were a little boy did you want to grow up to be a superhero?
So, did you see "Seinfeld" last week? That Kramer-guy really makes me laugh.
Stop. We are not having a "duality" conversation. "Ooh, he has a secret side.  Ooh, she has a dark side." Please.  Duality is a joke. You get one, do you understand me?  You get one life. One shot. I'm so tired of women saying "I have an inner strength" or "Deep down, I'm really ambitious." "One day I'll design my own line of clothing and write children's stories, if I can only remember to return the videos I rented last night." If you are something, then you better be out there doing something.  You need to be the same bold thing in the day that you are at night--with maybe a slight clothing change. There is no gray area. The truth is not somewhere in between. There are two sides to every personality, all right--the reality...and the lie. We are not having a "duality" conversation.
I despise these kind of winds. Sorry, I guess I'm a little on edge. Seems this Catwoman has everyone, men and women, on edge. Don't you feel Catwoman says something about the duality of all men and women...
You're very special. Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I feel very strongly about you...forgive me use of architecture metaphors, but I instantly know a good foundation when I see one..
I checked out your stuff at the library.  Awesome work, really. Why would someone like you want to go out with a...with a..what exactly am I, again?
Hey, hey, the client comes first. You think I want my future children to know their Daddy created Frank's Fun Palace?
Oh, it's superb--I mean if you like that fascist nightmare kind of thing...
What did you think?
You designed Gotham Plaza?  The big silver guys pulling on those big silver things...
I'm not afraid. Are you?
There's a nice cafe down the street...unless you're afraid of this Catwoman prowling around. We can always dine at the mansion, if..
But of course you are. Dinner at Eight.  Wouldn't miss it.
Kincaid got a little frisky last night...So, meet here at eight and go from there?  By the way, I'm Brock Leviathan.
How heroic of you...
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...Would you like to go to dinner? I know; a tame suggestion considering the wide variety of miniature golf possibilities available to the Oasisburg citizen--but nevertheless, would you?
You're probably right.
I'll bet the butler's name wasn't "Jeff."
Nothing, just a jolt of deja-vu. I think I went out with a guy with a dignified British butler--can't remember how it turned out..
What's the matter...
I wonder..
Strange--you seemed so close. I wonder what's happened since yesterday..
I don't know. I can't remember.
Ouch. I hope you're not offended by aggressively curious men.
Guilty. I am.
You say that like an amnesia victim.
I'll bet. Funny, for some reason, I don't think dogs are supposed to like me.
No, in art. I try not bring up women around Kincaid. It's a sore spot between us. Long story..
In women?
He likes you. Kincaid and I have always had similar tastes...
What little boy doesn't?
I guess we did. When you were a little boy, did you want to be a superhero?
But then we knew that all along, didn't we...
I've been looking for you.  Selina Kyle was right. One of us is a psychotic crusader.
I've been looking for you.
It may be time to get the police involved...
I can. That's not an admission of guilt,  It's just..I knew you had it in you...
Did you ever think that maybe neither of us is Captain God?
Quiet, Blender Boy. I told you from the beginning, Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I am not Captain God, or whatever else he may be calling himself this month, but when I find out who is--The Man will pay.  My sister died in that Museum attack. You can check the Atlanta obituaries. I've tracked these monsters from city to city, waiting for a time to exact my revenge. Why else would I come to Oasisburg and create the most obnoxious casino in the world?
We're waiting.
Your uniform, that first time I saw you, was a ghastly cage I vowed to unlock in order to..
You're right, I wasn't looking to fall in love with a casino worker. I'd given up trying to find anyone. But there was a fire in your eyes that cut right through the air conditioning and through the coldness of my heart.
But it's true!  You can call him yourself.
You're kidding.
Yes, did you call us here for any particular reason?
Selina, are you okay?
Oh, you don't have to explain to me where you're going...
I better go report this in...
I suppose she does.
She has reason to be suspicious..Doesn't she?
A bit on the suspicious side, don't you think?
