"Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right.
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right!" Rise up this mornin',
Smiled with the risin' sun,
Three little birds
Perch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true,
Sayin', ("This is my message to you-ou-ou:") Singin': "Don't worry 'bout a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right."
Singin': "Don't worry (don't worry) 'bout a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right!" Rise up this mornin',
Smiled with the risin' sun,
Three little birds
Perch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true,
Sayin', "This is my message to you-ou-ou:" Singin': "Don't worry about a thing, worry about a thing, oh!
Every little thing gonna be all right. Don't worry!"
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing" - I won't worry!
"'Cause every little thing gonna be all right." Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right" - I won't worry!
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right."
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing, oh no!
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right! /fadeout/ Here is a little song I wrote
You might want to sing it note for note
Don't worry be happy
In every life we have some trouble
When you worry you make it double
Don't worry, be happy...... Ain't got no place to lay your head
Somebody came and took your bed
Don't worry, be happy
The land lord say your rent is late
He may have to litigate
Don't worry, be happy
Look at me I am happy
Don't worry, be happy
Here I give you my phone number
When you worry call me
I make you happy
Don't worry, be happy
Ain't got no cash, ain't got no style
Ain't got no girl to make you smile
But don't worry be happy
Cause when you worry
Your face will frown
And that will bring everybody down
So don't worry, be happy (now)..... There is this little song I wrote
I hope you learn it note for note
Like good little children
Don't worry, be happy
Listen to what I say
In your life expect some trouble
But when you worry
You make it double
Don't worry, be happy......
Don't worry don't do it, be happy
Put a smile on your face
Don't bring everybody down like this
Don't worry, it will soon pass
Whatever it is
Don't worry, be happy One love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
Hear the children crying (One love)
Hear the children crying (One heart)
Sayin', "Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Sayin', "Let's get together and feel all right
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (one love)
There is one question I'd really love to ask (one heart)
Is there a place for the hopeless sinner
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own?
Believe me One love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
As it was in the beginning (one love)
So shall it be in the end (one heart)
Alright, give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right
One more thing Let's get together to fight this Holy Armageddon (one love)
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (one song)
Have pity on those whose chances grow thinner
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation Sayin', one love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
I'm pleading to mankind (one love)
Oh, Lord (one heart) whoa Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right UH !Bad boys watcha gon,watcha gon,watcha gonna do?
When sherif John Brown come for you?
Let me! Whatcha wanna do? When they come for you? Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? When you were eight and you had bad dreams you go to school
And that's the golden rule,So why are you acting like a bloody fool
If you get hot then you must get cool! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? You chuck it down thas one,
You chuck it down thit one,
You chuck it down ya mother,
And ya chuck it down ya father,
Ya chuck it down a brother,
And ya chuck it down ya siter,
You chuck it down that one and you chuck it down Me! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? Nobody hit ya over Break,
Pleas stop acting over Break,
No soldier man will give ya a break,
Then Your eyes would give you wits Hhh! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you?(When they come for you?) Why did you have to act so mean?
Don't you know you're a human being?
Born of a mother with the love of a father,
Reflexion comes and reflexion goes,
I know sometime you wanna let go
hehehe i know sometime you wanna let go Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? Your too bad,
your too rude,
your too bad,
your too rude, Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? You chuck it down that one,
you chuck it down this one,
you chuck it down ya mother,
and you chuck it down your brother and you chuck it down your sister
AND YOU CHUCK IT DOWN ME!! No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry. 'Cause, 'cause, 'cause, I remember when we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown,
Oba - obaserving the 'ypocrites
Mingle with the good people we meet.
Good friends we have, oh, good friends we've lost
Along the way.
In this great future, you can't forget your past,
So dry your tears, I seh. No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry.
'Ere, little darlin', don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. Said, said, said, I remember when-a we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown.
And then Georgie would make the fire lights,
As it was logwood burnin' through the nights.
Then we would cook cornmeal porridge,
Of which I'll share with you,
My feet is my only carriage,
So I've got to push on through.
While I'm gone Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right! So, no woman, no cry,
No, no, woman, woman, no cry.
I say, oh little oh little darling, don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. No woman, no woman, no woman, no cry
No woman, no cry, one more time I've to say
Oh little little darling, please don't shed no tears,
No woman, no cry No woman, no woman, no cry Old pirates, yes, they rob I,
Sold I to the merchant ships
Minutes after they took I
From the bottomless pit But my 'and was made strong
By the 'and of the Almighty
We forward in this generation
Triumphantly Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom?
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption songs
Redemption songs Emancipate yourself from mental slavery
None but our self can free our minds
Have no fear for atomic energy
'Cause none of them can stop the time
How long shall they kill our prophets
While we stand aside and look?
Some say it's just a part of it
We've got to fulfill de book Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom?
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption songs
Redemption songs
Redemption songs Emancipate yourself from mental slavery
None but our self can free our mind
Have no fear for atomic energy
'Cause none of them can stop the time
How long shall dey kill our prophets
While we stand aside and look?
Some say it's just a part of it
We've got to fulfill de book Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom?
'Cause all I ever had
Redemption songs
All I ever had
Redemption songs
These songs of freedom
Songs of freedom I want to love you
I want to love you, and treat you right
I want to love you, every day and every night I want to love you, and treat you right
I want to love you, every day and every night We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads
We'll share the shelter, of my single bed
We'll share the same room
Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'? I want to love you, and treat you right
I want to love you, every day and every night
We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads
We'll share the shelter, of my single bed
We'll share the same room
Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'? Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'?
I want to know, want to know, want to know now Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'?
Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'?
I want to love you I'm gonna smoke'a de ganja until I go blind.
You know I smoke'a de ganja all a de time.
Smoke'a de ganja when I'm with friends.
We gonna smoke'a de ganja until the very end. Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun
Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun (vocal solo) Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun
Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun Smoke'a de ganja every day
Ya you gonn' smoke'a de ganja in many different ways
You can smoke'a de ganja in a big fat bowl or you can smoke'a de ganja in a bong
N' If ya' very lucky you can smoke it in a bong
When you smoke it in a bong, you are baked all night long Mista... Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun
Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun (vocal solo) Don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright
Singing' don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Rise up this mornin'
Smiled with the risin' sun
Three little birds
Pitch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true
Saying', (this is my message to you) Singing' don't worry 'bout a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright
Singing' don't worry (don't worry) 'bout a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Rise up this mornin'
Smiled with the risin' sun
Three little birds
Pitch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true
Sayin', this is my message to you Singin' don't worry about a thing, worry about a thing, oh
Every little thing gonna be alright, don't worry
Singin' don't worry about a thing, I won't worry
"'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Singin' don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright, I won't worry
Singin', don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright
Singin' don't worry about a thing, oh no
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright [Bob Marley (MC Lyte)]
We jammin' (Bob Marley, Bob Marley)
I wanna jam it with you
We jammin' (Bob Marley, Bob Marley)
I hope you like jammin' too [Bob Marley]
In rows or around, we can jam it anyhow
I'n'I, I will see you through
Everyday we pay the price, with a livin' sacrafice
Jammin' 'til the jam is through [Bob Marley]
We jammin', to think that jammin' was a thing of the past
We jammin and I hope the jam is gonna last [MC Lyte]
We jammin' on the for the daughters and sons
The struggle is not over until the battle is won
Hip-Hop is life but it ain't all to me
Now where would we be if they take our mics from we.
Or better yet strip on might itself
We done it before so I sit by the door
Those that claim but don't really know the game
Bob Marley, learn the man behind the name [Bob Marley]
Oh Holy Mount Zion
Oh Holy Mount Zion
Oh Holy Mount Zion
Oh Holy Mount Zion
We see it in Mount Zion
And Rules all creation [Bob Marley]
Were jammin' [Repeats]
Hope you like jammin' to [Repeats] [MC Lyte]
J-A-Double M-I-N
We be jammin' from Brooklyn down to Kingston
We be jammin' in the name of the Lord sweet Allah
We no the blessings from above I and are be no rap star
Exodus when i bust,
See the struggle i must,
Realizing the just but whats next on the cusp
All soldiers of war steadily ignore
Still we ain't sure what the battle is for
Years ago when we toured
Ready to explore
Entered through back doors
Treated like stank manure
Spoke up for rights, we were cracked in the jaw
Elvis made a bundle while we remained poor
We remained poor
but we be jammin' I'n'I will see you through [Repeat: x2] MC Lyte]
Come along way but we're still not there yet [Bob Marley]
I'n'I will see you through
Jah knows the mighty cry, the truth it cannot hide
To keep you satisfied
Love that does exist, is the love i cant resist
So jam by my side We jammin'
and we're jammin' in the name of the lord
we're jammin' [Repeats]
we're jammin right straight from york
holy mount zion I'n'I will see you through [Repeats] Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
There was a Buffalo Soldier
In the heart of America
Stolen from Africa, brought to America
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival I mean it, when I analyze these things
To me, it makes a lot of sense
How the dreadlock Rasta was the Buffalo Soldier
And he was taken from Africa, brought to America
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival Said he was a Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
Buffalo Soldier, in the heart of America If you know your history
Then you would know where you coming from
Then you wouldn't have to ask me
Who the heck do I think I am I'm just a Buffalo Soldier
In the heart of America
Stolen from Africa, brought to America
Said he was fighting on arrival
Fighting for survival
Said he was a Buffalo Soldier
Win the war for America Said he was a, woe yoy yoy, woe woe yoy yoy
Woe yoy yoy yo, yo yo woy yo, woe yoy yoy Woe yoe yoe, woe woe yoe yoe
Woe yoe yoe yo, yo yo woe yo woe yo yoe Buffalo Soldier, troddin' through the land woo ooh
Said he wanna ran, then you wanna hand
Troddin' through the land, yea, yea Said he was a Buffalo Soldier
Win the war for America
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Driven from the mainland
To the heart of the Caribbean Singing, woe yoy yoy, woe woe yoy yoy
Woe yoy yoy yo, yo yo woy yo woy yo yoy Woy yoy yoy, woy woy yoy yoy
Woy yoy yoy yo, yo yo woe yo woe yo yoy Troddin' through San Juan
In the arms of America
Troddin' through Jamaica, a Buffalo Soldier
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta Woe yoy yoy, woy woy yoy yoy
Woe yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy woy yoy woy yoy yoy Oh, yeah, well, alright
We're jammin'
I want to jam it with you
We're jammin', jammin'
And I hope you like jammin' too
Ain't no rules, ain't no vow
We can do it anyhow
I and I will see you through
'Cause every day we pay the price
With a little sacrifice
Jammin' till the jam is through We're jammin'
To think that jammin' was a thing of the past
We're jammin'
And I hope this jam is gonna last
No bullet can stop us now
We neither beg nor we won't bow
Neither can be bought nor sold
We all defend the right
Jah Jah children must unite
For life is worth much more than gold We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
And we're jammin' in the name of the Lord
We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
We're jammin' right straight from yard
Singing Holy Mount Zion, Holy Mount Zion
Jah sitteth in Mount Zion and rules all creation
Yeah, we're jammin'
Bop-chu-wa-wa-wa We're jammin'
I want to jam it with you
We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
And Jamdown hope you're jammin', too
Jah knows how much I 'ave tried
The truth cannot hide
To keep you satisfied
True love that now exists
Is the love I can't resist
So jam by my side We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
I want to jam it with you
We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
Hope you like jammin', too We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
I want, I want, I want to jam with you now
We're jammin', we're jammin'
I hope you like jammin'
I hope you like jammin'
'Cause I want to jam it with you
I like I hope, I hope you like jammin' too
I wanna jam it, wanna jam it Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop How many times I've told you I love you?
But now you want to say that we are through
What more can I do?
What more can I say to you?
Now you're gone Do you remember that first night we met?
That was a moment I never will forget
Love was at first sight
You came walking through the pale,
Pale moonlight
Pale, pale moonlight Do you remember that first night we met?
That was a moment I'll never will forget
Love was at your first sight
You came walking through the p-p-pale, p-p-pale,
Pale moonlight
Pale, pale moonlight Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop Don't you look at me so smug
And say I'm going bad.
Who are you to judge me
And the life that I live?
I know that I'm not perfect
And that I don't claim to be.
So before you point your fingers,
Be sure your hands are clean. Judge not
Before you judge yourself.
Judge not
If you're not ready for judgement. Woah oh oh! The road of life is rocking
And you may stumble too.
So while you talk about me,
someone else is judging you. (Saxophone solo) Judge not
Before you judge yourself.
Judge not
If you're not ready for judgement. Woah oh oh! The road of life is rocky
And you may stumble too.
So while you talk about me
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you.
(fadeout) I'm a rebel
Soul rebel
I'm a capturer
Soul adventurer See the morning sun, the morning sun
On the hillside
If you're not living good yeah, travel wide Said I'm a living man,
And I've got work to do.
If you're not happy, children
Then you must be blue (must be blue, must be blue)
People say I'm a rebel, let them talk,
Soul rebel, talk won't bother me.
I'm a capturer, that's what they say,
Soul adventurer, night and day
I'm a rebel (I am a rebel)
Soul rebel
Do you hear them lippy
I'm a capturer, gossip around the corner
Soul adventurer (how they adventure on me yo) But, see the morning sun
On the hillside
Not living good
Travel wide
You gotta travel wide
Said I'm a living man
I've got work to do
If you're not happy, then you must be blue I'm a rebel
Soul rebel
I'm a capturer
Soul adventurer
Do you hear me?
I'm a rebel (rebel in the morning)
Soul rebel, rebel at midday time One, two, three I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love From the very first time I blessed my eyes on you, girl
My heart says follow t'rough
But I know, now, that I'm way down on your line
But the waitin' feel is fine
So don't treat me like a puppet on a string
'Cause I know how to do my thing
Don't talk to me as if you think I'm dumb
I wanna know when you're gonna come, see I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
'Cause if summer is here
I'm still waiting there
Winter is here
And I'm still waiting there Like I said
It's been three years since I'm knockin' on your door
And I still can knock some more
Oh girl, ooh girl, is it feasible?
I wanna know now, for I to knock some more
Ya see, in life I know there's lots of grief
But your love is my relief
Tears in my eyes burn, tears in my eyes burn
While I'm waiting, while I'm waiting for my turn
See I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love I don't wanna wait in vain for your love, oh
I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna wait in vain
No, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna wait in vain
No, I don't wanna (I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna, I don't wanna wait in vain)
No I, no I (I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna, I don't wanna wait in vain)
It's your love that I'm waiting on (I don't wanna)
It's me love that you're running from. (I don't wanna wait in vain)
It's your love that I'm waiting on (I don't wanna)
It's me love that you're running from. (I don't wanna wait in vain)
I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna wait in vain Stir it up, little darlin', stir it up. Come on, baby
Come on and stir it up, little darlin', stir it up. O-oh! It's been a long, long time, yeah! (Stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Since I've got you on my mind (oh-oh-oh-oh) Oh-oh!
Now you are here (stir it, stir it, stir it together), I said
It's so clear
To see what we could do, baby, (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Just me and you Come on and stir it up, little darlin'!
Stir it up, come on, baby!
Come on and stir it up, yeah!
Little darlin', stir it up! O-oh! I'll push the wood (stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Then I blaze ya fire
Then I'll satisfy your heart's desire. (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Said, I stir it together (stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Every minute
All you got to do, baby, (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Is keep it in, and (Stir it up) oh, little darlin'
Stir it up, baby!
Come on and stir it up, oh-oh-oh!
Little darlin', stir it up! Wo-oh! Mm, now, now Quench me when I'm thirsty
Come on and cool me down, baby, when I'm hot (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Your recipe is, darlin' is so tasty
When you show and stir your pot So, stir it up, oh!
Little darlin', stir it up, wo, now!
Come on and stir it up, oh-ah!
Little darlin', stir it up! Oh, little darlin', stir it up. Come on, babe!
Come on and stir it up, wo-o-a!
Little darlin', stir it up! Stick with me, baby!
Come on, come on and stir it up, oh-oh!
Little darlin', stir it up, stir it, stir it, stir it, stir it,stir it Simmer down, you lickin' too hot, so
Simmer down, soon you'll get dropped, so
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down, that why won't you, why won't you, why won't you simmer down
Simmer down.
Long time people dem used to say
What sweet nanny goat a go run him belly, so
Simmer down, oh control your temper
Simmer down, for the battle will be hotter
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down, oh that I'm a leaving you today
Simmer down. Simmer down, oh you hear what I say
Simmer down, a that I'm leaving you today
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down. Chicken Mary, hawk de near and when him de near, you must beware, so
Simmer down, oh control your temper
Simmer down, for the battle will be hotter
Simmer down, and you won't get no supper
Simmer down, and you know you bound to suffer
Simmer down, simmer, simmer, simmer right down
Simmer down, like you never did before
Simmer down, oh, oh, oh
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down, you lickin' too hot so
Simmer down, and you know soon you'll get dropped, so
Simmer down, why won't you simmer, simmer down
Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down
Simmer down, simmer, simmer down
Simmer down, oh simmer, simmer down
Simmer down, like you never did before There she goes with the pieces from my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start
And ere I go once again
Through these lonely heartaches and pain That's all remain all remain
Now I know love is a guessin' game
She goes with the pieces from my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start Who's gonna put back the pieces to my broken heart
Once again, once again now I know this could be the end
And she gone with the pieces of my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start And here I go once again
Through these lonely heartaches and pain
That's all remain
Now I know this could be the end She goes with de pieces from my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start
There she goes with the pieces from my heart Long time we no have no nice time:
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that!
Long time we no have no nice time:
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that! This is my heart:
To rock you steady;
I'll give you love
Time you're you ready.
This little heart in me
Just won't let me be;
I'm rockin';
Won't you rock with me? Long time we no have no nice time:
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that! This is my heart:
To rock you steady;
I'll give you love
The time you're you ready.
This little heart in me
Just won't let me be;
I'm just-a rock this now;
Won't you rock wid me? A long - long - long - long time we no have no nice time: Thank ya, thank ya, babe!
(You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that!) Could you be loved and be loved?
Could you be loved and be loved? Don't let them fool ya
Or even try to school ya, oh, no
We've got a mind of our own
So go to hell if what you're thinking is not right
Love would never leave us alone
A-yin the darkness there must come out to light Could you be loved and be loved?
Could you be loved, wo now, and be loved? (The road of life is rocky and you may stumble too
So while you point your fingers someone else is judging you)
Love your brotherman
(Could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be loved?) Don't let them change ya, oh
Or even rearrange ya, oh, no
We've got a life to live
They say, only, only
Only the fittest of the fittest shall survive
Stay alive, eh Could you be loved and be loved?
Could you be loved, wo now, and be loved? (You ain't gonna miss your water until your well runs dry
No matter how you treat him, the man will never be satisfied)
Say something! (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be loved)
Say something say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something say something (say something)
Say something say something (could you be loved?) say something
Say something reggae, reggae
Say something rockers, rockers
Say something reggae, reggae
Say something rockers, rockers
Say something (could you be loved?) say something, uh
Say something, come on
Say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be loved?) You said you love me;
I said I love you.
Why won't you stop your cryin'?
Dry your weeping eyes.
You know that I love you Groovin' Here I am,
Groovy Child
Come rub 'pon me belly
Like a guava jelly,
(Here I stand)
(Come rub it 'pon me belly)
Like a guava jelly) Verse 2
You say you need me
I say I need you,too
Baby Why don't, stop your cryin'
And dry your weeping eyes
You know I love you Chorus
Groovy , Here I am
(Come rub pon me belly)
Like a guava jelly),
Ooh baby here I am
Come rub pon me belly
Like a guava jelly Repeat/ adlib
Guava Guava jelly,
Guava Guava jeelly Until the philosophy
Which hold one race superior and another
Inferior
Is finally
And permanently
Discredited
And abandoned
Everywhere is war
Me say war That until there no longer
First class and second class citizens of any nation
Until the color of a man's skin
Is of no more significance than the color of his eyes
Me say war That until the basic human rights
Are equally guaranteed to all
Without regard to race
Dis a war That until that day
The dream of lasting peace,
World citizenship
Rule of international morality
Will remain in but a fleeting illusion to be pursued,
But never attained
Now everywhere is war
War And until the ignoble and unhappy regimes
That hold our brothers in Angola
In Mozambique
South Africa
Sub-human bondage
Have been toppled
Utterly destroyed
Well, everywhere is war
Me say war War in the east
War in the west
War up north
War down south
War war
Rumors of war
And until that day,
The African continent
Will not know peace,
We Africans will fight we find it necessary
And we know we shall win
As we are confident
In the victory Of good over evil
Good over evil, yeah
Good over evil
Good over evil, yeah
Good over evil Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, don't give up the fight Preacher man, don't tell me
Heaven is under the earth
I know you don't know
What life is really worth
It's not all that glitters is gold
'Alf the story has never been told
So now you see the light, eh
Stand up for your rights, come on Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, don't give up the fight
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, don't give up the fight Most people think
Great God will come from the skies
Take away everything
And make everybody feel high
But if you know what life is worth
You will look for yours on earth
And now you see the light
You stand up for your rights, jah Get up, stand up (Jah, Jah)
Stand up for your rights (oh-hoo)
Get up, stand up (get up, stand up)
Don't give up the fight (life is your right)
Get up, stand up (so we can't give up the fight)
Stand up for your right (Lord, Lord)
Get up, stand up (keep on struggling on)
Don't give up the fight (yeah) We sick an' tired of-a your ism-skism game
Dyin' 'n' goin' to heaven in-a Jesus' name, Lord
We know when we understand
Almighty God is a living man
You can fool some people sometimes
But you can't fool all the people all the time
So now we see the light (what you gonna do?)
We gonna stand up for our rights (yeah, yeah, yeah) So you better
Get up, stand up (in the morning, git it up)
Stand up for your rights (stand up for our rights)
Get up, stand up
Don't give up the fight (don't give it up, don't give it up)
Get up, stand up (get up, stand up)
Stand up for your rights (get up, stand up)
Get up, stand up
Don't give up the fight (get up, stand up)
Get up, stand up
Stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up
Don't give up the fight We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
The way you love-a me, huh! It's all right!
When you put your loving arms around me,
And you hold me tight, holding me tight This is my invitation
I got the special vacation
I need your concentration
Just to feel your vibration
At that soul shakedown party tonight
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight! Jane is in the back yard
Doing the outside dance
I'm telling you the other day,
She didn't even get a chance! But this is my invitation
A just-a special vacation
I need your concentration
Just to, just to, just to (vibration) just to
(Soul shakedown party tonight) Baby, I need you tonight!
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight! Hit it, brother, y'all! The way you love-a me, it's all right! (It's all right)
When you put your loving arms around me (arms around me),
And you hold me tight (holding me tight) This is my invitation
I got the special vacation
I need your concentration
Just to feel your vibration At that soul shakedown party tonight!
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
Swing with me, baby!
(Soul shakedown party tonight) It will be for two I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot no deputy
Oh, no, no
I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot no deputy
Ooh All around in my hometown
They're tryin' to track me down
They say they want to bring me in guilty
For the life of a deputy
For the life of a deputy
But I say I shot the sheriff
(But I swear it was in self-defense) I swear it was in self-defense, yeah
It was I shot the sheriff
And they say it is a capital offense Sheriff John Brown always hated me
For what, I don't know
Every time I plant a seed
He said kill them before it grow
He said kill them before they grow
And so And so I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy
It was I shot the sheriff
(But I didn't shoot the deputy) I didn't shoot the deputy, no, no Freedom came my way one day
And I started out of town, yeah
Then all of a sudden I saw sheriff John Brown
He was aiming to shoot I down
So I shot, yes, I shot, shot him down
And I say I-I-I-I shot the sheriff
Lord, I didn't shoot the deputy
(No, no, no)
It was I who shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy Reflexes had the better of me
And what is to be must be
Every day the bucket goes to the well
I say, one day the bottom a-go drop out
One day the bottom will drop out
And so
And so
Really sing I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy
(No, no, no)
I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy They just keep holdin' me
Won't let go
Holdin' me
Won't let go I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down
I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down They just keep teasin' me
And, you know, they play like they don't know
Provokin' me
But this is all I know I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down
I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down Wee, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Oh, I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To rama thema down
Oh, I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down Said, I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To rama them down
I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down Holdin' me
Won't let go
Holdin' me
Won't let go I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To rama them down
I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down (I need a rammer) I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down
I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down
I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down She love to party, have a good time
She looks so hearty, feeling fine
She loves to smoke, sometime shiftin' coke
She'll be laughin' when there ain't no joke A pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
Pimper's paradise, that's all she was
Every need got an ego to feed
Every need got an ego to feed She loves to model up in the latest fashion (oo-bee doo-be doo)
She's in the scramble and she moves with passion (oo-bee doo-be doo)
She's getting high (ooh), trying to fly the sky (oo-bee doo-be doo)
Eh, now she is bluesing when there ain't no blues Wooh, a pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was, oh-ho-ho-ho-ho
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was Every need got an ego to feed
Every need got an ego to feed Wooh, a pimper's paradise, that's all she was now, wo-oo-o-oo, wo-oh
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was, well
A pimper's paradise, I'm sorry for the victim now
Oh, now soon their (pimper's paradise) soon their heads, soon their
Soon their very heads will bow
(Pimper's paradise) don't lose track, don't lose track of yourself, oh no
(Pimper's paradise) don't be just a stock, a stock on the shelf
Stock on the shelf, oh oh
(Pimper's paradise) that's all she was now, woo Dip for diplomatic;
'Yp for hypocratic;
Dry for dry-land tourist;
Tup for Topper Norris! See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! Dem cut - cut - cut against 'em one another;
Cut - cut - cut against 'em one another.
Oh, them teach to love one another;
Oh, them teach to love one another. Man, go! Dem a rum - come - come wid a gravalicious;
Dem a rum - come - come wid a gravalicious;
Dem a rum-a - come-a - come-a wid a gravalicious;
Dem a rum-a - come - come-a wid a gravalicious. See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! Dip-a (for diplomatic);
A 'yp-a (for hypocratic);
Dry - dry - dry (for dry-land tourist);
A tup-pa - tup-pa - tup-pa (for Topper Norris)! See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! One cup of coffee, then I'll go;
Though I just dropped by to let you know
That I'm leaving you tomorrow;
I'll cause you no more sorrow:
One cup of coffee, then I'll go. I brought the money like the lawyer said to do,
But it won't replace the 'eartache I caused you;
It won't take the place of lovin' you, I know,
So one cup of coffee, then I'll go.
---
/Saxophone solo/
---
Tell the kids I came last night
And kissed them while they slept;
Make my coffee sweet and warm
Just the way you used to lie in my arms. I brought the money like the lawyer said to do,
But it won't replace the 'eartache I caused you;
It won't take the place of lovin' you, I know,
So one cup of coffee, then I'll go;
One cup of coffee, then I'll go;
One cup of coffee, then I'll go.
/fadeout/ Sun is shining, the weather is sweet
Make you want to move your dancing feet
To the rescue, here I am
Want you to know ya, can you understang When the morning gather the rainbow
Want you to know I'm a rainbow too
To the rescue here I am
Want you to know ya,
Can you, can you, can you understand Sun is shining, the weather is sweet now
Make you want to move your dancing feet
To the rescue, here I am
Want you to know just if you can
Here I stand, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Can you understand me, now baby Do you believe me? The night seems to fade,
But the moonlight lingers on
There are wonders for everyone
The stars shine so bright,
But they`re fading after dawn
There is magic in kingston town (chorus) Oh kingston town,
The place I long to be
If I had the whole world
I would give it away
Just to see, the girls at play
Ooh, ooh, ooh And when I am king,
Surely I would need a queen
And a palace and everything, yeah
And now I am king,
And my queen will come at dawn
She`ll be waiting in kingston town (chorus) Oh kingston town,
The place I long to be
If I had the whole world
I would give it away
Just to see, the girls at play
Ooh, ooh, ooh And when I am king,
Surely I would need a queen
And a palace and everything, yeah
And now I am king,
And my queen will come at dawn
She`ll be waiting in kingston town Bado, scoobado, scoobado-bado-bado. Oh, wo-yo-yo-why! When the whole world lets you down
And there's nowhere for you to turn,
'Cause all of your best friends have let you down, do-o-own.
Then you try to accumulate,
But the whole world is full of hate,
So all of your best starts just drift into space. I know a place where we can carry on.
I know a place where we can carry on.
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on. And there is people like you, people like me
People need to be free.
And there's a place in the sun
Where there is love for everyone,
Where we can be, yeah. I know a place where we can carry on.
I know a place where we can carry on.
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on. Whe-e-e!
When the whole world let you down
And there's nowhere for you to turn,
'Cause all of your best friends, a-they have let you down, down-own-own.
Then you try to accumulate,
But the whole world is full of hate,
So all of your best starts just drift into space. I know a place where we can carry on.
I know a place where we can carry on.
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on.
(fadeout) (Who-oo-oo-oo is Mr Brown?)
Mr. Brown is a clown who rides through town in a coffin
(Where he be found?)
In the coffin where there is three crows on top and two is laughing
Oh, what a confusion
Ooh, yeah, yeah
What a botheration, ooh, now, now
Who is Mr. Brown? I wanna know now
He is nowhere to be found From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around
Upsetting, upsetting, upsetting the town
Asking for Mr. Brown
From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around
Upsetting, upsetting, upsetting the town
Asking for Mr. Brown I wanna know who ooh
(Is Mr. Brown)
Is Mr. Brown controlled by remote?
Oh, Calling duppy conqueror
I'm the ghost catcher
This is your chance, oh big, big Bill bull-bucka
Take your chance, prove yourself, oh, yeah Down in parade
People running like a masquerade
The police make a raid
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, think it fade What a thing in town
Crows, chauffeur driven around
Skankiness if they had never known
The man they call "Mr. Brown"
I can tell you where he's from now From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around Woah-oh, ya-ya-ya-ya, oy-oh
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Oh (we'll be forever loving Jah)
(We'll be forever loving Jah) Some, they say, see them
Walking up the street
They say we're going wrong
To all the people we meet
But-a we won't worry
We won't shed no tears
We found a way
To cast away the fears, forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) forever, yes
And forever (we'll be forever loving Jah) there'll be no end So, old man river
Don't cry for me
I've got a running stream
Of love, you see
So, no matter what stages
Oh stages, stages, stages they put us through
We'll never be blue
No matter what rages
Oh rages, changes, rages they put us through
We'll never be blue
We'll be forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) forever, and ever
Yes, and forever (we'll be forever loving Jah) 'cause there is no end 'Cause only a fool
Lean upon, lean upon his own misunderstanding, oh, yeah
And then what has been hidden
From the wise and the prudent, been revealed to the babe and the suckling
In everything, in every day, I say, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) 'Cause just like a tree
Planted, planted by the rivers of water
That bringeth forth fruits
Bringeth forth fruits in due season
Everything in life got its purpose
Find its reason
In every season, forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) on and on and on
(We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever, yes, yes, we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) One good thing about music, when it hits ya
(You feel no pain)
Wo-wo-wo, I say
One good thing about music, when it hits ya
(you feel no pain)
Hit me with music, yeah, hit me with music now! This is (Trench Town Rock) don't watch that
(Trench Town Rock) big fish or sprat now
(Trench Town Rock) you reap what you sow
(Trench Town Rock) and only Jah-Jah know
(Trench Town Rock) I never turn my back
(Trench Town Rock) I give the slum a try
(Trench Town Rock) I never let the children cry
(Trench Town Rock) 'cause you got to tell Jah-Jah why
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve, now
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(No want you fe galang so) oh no!
(No want you fe galang so) scaba-dip, scaba
(You want come cold I up) scaba-diba-dip, scaba-dip, scaba-dip
(But you can't come cold I up)
Wo-wo-wo, I'm a groover
And the world know by now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, y'all
Oh now, I say, you feel no pain now
One good thing about music
When it hits ya (you feel no pain) feel no pain
Hit me with music, now, wo now
Hit me with music now
Hit me with music, 'arder, brutalize me!
(Hit me with music!) This is (Trench Town Rock) I say don't watch that
(Trench Town Rock) if you are big fish or sprat
(Trench Town Rock) you reap what you sow
(Trench Town Rock) I, everyone know now
(Trench Town Rock) don't turn your back!
(Trench Town Rock) I say, give a slum a try
(Trench Town Rock) never let the children cry
(Trench Town Rock) or you got to tell Jah-Jah why
It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') it's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') I said, it's Kingston twelve now
(Groovin') wo-wo-wo-wo, it's Kingston twelve
(No want you fe galang so) since I told you that
(No want you fe galang so) we should live with love
(You want come cold I up) and I don't do that
(But you can't come cold I up) I look da now
And then it's Kingston twelve, uh!
Good God, look a-here now (you feel no pain) uh!
Hit me with music, yeah, come on (hit me with music)
(Hit me with music), oh my brother (hit me with music) brutalize me!
(Hit me with music) oh hurt me (hit me with music)
We can trash this ourselves!
(Hit me with music)
(Trench Town Rock) don't call no cop
(Rock) we can trash things ourselves
(Trench Town Rock) got no stacks on no shelves
But let me tell ya, behave yourselves!
(Trench Town Rock) Roots Natty roots
Dread Binghi dread
I and I are the roots Some are leaf
Some are branches
I and I are the roots Some are the dry wood
For the fire
Whoa, Look at that They need a dry wood
To cook their raw food
Whoa, look at that Got to survive
Inthis man maniac downpression
Got to survive
In iration They say roots Natty roots
Dread Binghi dread
I and I are the roots Some are wolf
In sheep's clothing
Whoa, look at that Many are called
A few are chosen
Whoa, look at that Nothing they can do
To separate I and I
From the love of our fathers You see, blood is thicker than water
Whoa, look at that Got to survive
In the ghetto
Got to survive
People .... Roots Natty roots
Dread Binghi dread
I and I are the roots
Roots Natty
Dread Binghi
I and I are the roots In this life, in this life, in this life
In this, oh sweet life
We're (we're coming in from the cold)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in from the cold It's you, it's you, it's you I'm talkin' to
Well, you (it's you) you (it's you), you I'm talking to now
Why do you look so sad and forsaken
When one door is closed, don't you know another is open Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, dread, no
Would you make the system make you kill your brotherman?
(No, dread, no)
Would you make the system get on top of your head again?
(No, dread, no!)
Well, the biggest man you ever did see was was just a baby In this life (in this life)
In this (in this life, oh sweet life)
Coming in from the cold
We're coming in, we're coming (coming in), coming in-a (coming in)
Coming in (coming in), ooh (coming in)
Coming in from the cold It's life (it's life), it's life (it's life), it's life (it's life)
It's wa well, coming in from the cold
We're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
Ooh (coming in), hey (coming in)
Coming in from the cold It's you, you, you I'm talking
Well, yes, you, bilyabong (it's you)
Ew, you I'm talking to now
Well, why do you look so, look so, look so sad
Look so sad and forsaken?
Don't you know, when one door is closed, when one door is closed
Many more is open? Well, would you let the system get on top of your head again?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, dread, no
Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?
No, dread, no
Well, would you make the system get on top of your head again?
(No, dread, no) no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Well, the biggest, biggest man you ever, ever
Did-a see was-a was-a once a baby In this life, in this life, in this life
In this, oh, sweet life
We're (coming in from the cold) from the cold
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
Coming in (coming in), wooh, yeah
Coming in from the cold We're coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Coming in from the cold
Coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
(Coming in) (coming in)
(Coming in) from the from the cold So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world Bless my eyes this morning
Jah sun is on the rise once again
The way earthly things are going
Anything can happen You see men sailing on their ego trips
Blast off on their spaceships
Million miles from reality
No care for you, no care for me So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world
All you've got to do is give a little (Give a little)
Give a little (Give a little)
Give a little (Give a little)
One more time yeah! (Give a little)
Yeah! (Give a little) yeah! (Give a little) yeah! So you think you've found the solution
But it's just another illusion
So before you check out this tide
Don't leave another cornerstone standing there behind
We've got to face the day
Ooh we come what may
We the street people talking
Yeah, we the people struggling Now they are sitting on a time bomb (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
Now I know the time has come (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
What goes on up is coming on down (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
Goes around and comes around (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!) So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world
There is so much trouble, (So much trouble in the world)
There is so much trouble
There is so much trouble (So much in the world)
There is so much trouble
There is so much trouble in the world (So much trouble in the world)
There is (So much in the world) Ooh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah yeah)
Ooh yeah, yeah
They got so much things to say right now
They got so much things to say
They got so much things to say right now
They got so much things to say Eh! But I'll never forget no way
They crucified Jesus Christ
I'll never forget no way
They stole Marcus Garvey for rights ho-ooh!
I'll never forget no way
They turned their back on Paul Bogle
Hey! So don't you forget (no way) your youth
Who you are and where you stand in the struggle They go so very, so very, so very, so very, so very, so very
So very, so very, so very
Everything they say so much to say
They got so much things to say, so much things to say
I and I nah come to fight flesh and blood But spiritual wickedness in high and low places
So while they fight you down
Stand firm and give Jah thanks and praises
'Cause I and I no expect to be justified
By the laws of men, by the laws of men
Oh, true they have found me guilty
But brooh, through Jah proved my innocency Oh, when the rain fall, fall, fall now
It don't fall on one man's housetop
Remember that, when the rain fall
It don't fall on one man's housetop They singin' so very much, so very much, oh so very much
So so very
They got so much things to say right now
Yeah, they got so much things to say Hey, but I and I, I and I nah come to fight flesh and blood
But spiritual wickedness in 'igh and low places
So while, so while, so while they fight you down
Stand firm and give Jah thanks and praises
I and I no expect to be justified
By the laws of men, by the laws of men
Hey through God to prove my innocence
I told you wicked think they found me guilty They got la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
They la very much all the time So much things to say, rumor about
They got the rumor without humor
They don't know what they're doin', yeah Here I am, walking down the street (walk walk walk walk walk walk walk)
And the terrain, everything is so sweet (woah woah woah sweet, woah woah woah sweet)
I'm doing my thing and I'm doing it slow
But there is just one thing I would like you to know, oh When it wet it slippery, yeah
When it dump it crumpy
If it's likely you will tumble down
Don't want you on the ground
Oh, oh, oh, caution, the road is wet
Black soul is black as jet (do you hear me)
Caution the road is hot
You got to do better than that ('cause ah) When it wet it slippery (when it wet it slippery, yeha)
When it damp it crampy (when it damp it crampy)
If it's likely you were tumbling down
Don't want you on the ground, brother Hit me from the top
You crazy motherfunky
Hit me from the top
You crazy motherfunky
Hit me from the top
Crazy motherfunky When it wet it slippery, yeah
When it dumpy crumpy
If it's likely you were tumbling down
Don't want you on the ground (don't, don't)
Caution the road is wet
Black soul is black as jet (black soul)
Caution the road is hot
You got to do better than that Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Lord, I've got to get on down
Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Where I can't be found
Lord, they're coming after me I've been accused for the killin'
Lord knows I didn't do
For hangin' me, they are willin', yeah, yeah
And that's why I've got to get on through
Lord, they're coming after me (a-one more time) Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Lord, I've got to get on down
Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Where I can't be found
Lord, they're coming after me (Now, listen) I've got two boys and a woman
They're just gonna suffer now
Lord, forgive me for not goin' back
But I'll be there anyhow
I'll be there anyhow (one more time) (I say) Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Lord, I've got to get on down
Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Where I can't be found
Lord, they're coming after me Now, maybe someday I'll find a piece of land
Somewhere not by near anyone
Then I'll send for my love, love, love, love, sweet woman
And my two grown-up son
My two grown up-son (yeah, yeah, yeah) (I say now) Lord I've got to keep on moving (Oh, what a rat race!)
(Oh, what a rat race!)
(Oh, what a rat race!)
(This is the rat race!)
(Rat race!) Some a-lawful, some a-bastard, some a-jacket
Oh, what a rat race, yeah!
Rat race!
Some a gorgon-a, some a hooligan-a, some a guine-gog-a
In this 'ere rat race, yeah!
Rat race! I'm singin'
When the cat's away
The mice will play
Political violence fill ya city, yeah!
Don't involve rasta in your say say
I'm sayin'
Rasta don't work for no CIA Rat race
Rat race,
Rat race yeah!
Rat race
I'm sayin'
When you think it's peace and safety
A sudden destruction
Collective security for surety, yeah! Don't forget your history
Know your destiny
In the abundance of water
The fool is thirsty
Rat race
Rat race
Rat race Rat race!
Oh, it's a disgrace
To see the human race
In a rat race, yeah Rat race!
You got the horse race
You got the dog race
You got the human race
But this is a rat race, yeah
Rat race! Some a-chicken, some a-scatter
Some are budgies, some are bats
In this here rat race
Rat race Can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more. Wipe out the paintings of slogans
all over the streets (ooh, ooh, ooh),
confusing the people
while your asphalt burns our tired feet.
I see borders and barriers,
segregation, demonstration and riots (ooh, ooh, ooh),
a-sufferation of the refugees,
oh-oh, when, when will we be free? Oh-oh-oh, we can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit,
no more sweet talk from the hypocrites. /guitar solo/ So we know we can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
no more sweet talk from-a pulpit,
no more sweet talk from the pulpit. No more sweet talk from-a grimepit,
no more sweet talk from the hypocrites (oh, no hypocrites!),
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit (wo-ah yeah),
no more sweet talk (no-no-no-no sweet talk) from the hypocrites (hey!),
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit,
no more sweet talk (no-no-no-no sweet talk) from the hypocrites (no-no-no-no hey!). Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
It's not warm when she's away
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
And she's always gone to long
Anytime she goes away Wonder this time where she's gone
Wonder if she's gone to stay
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
And this house just ain't no home
Anytime she goes away I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know Gotta leave the young thing alone
There ain't no sunshine when she's gone Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
Only darkness every day
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
And this house just ain't no home Anytime she goes away
Anytime she goes away
Anytime she goes away
Anytime she goes away Man to man is so unjust, children
You don't know who to trust
Your worst enemy could be your best friend
And your best friend your worst enemy Some will eat and drink with you
Then behind them su-su 'pon you
Only your friend know your secrets
So only he could reveal it And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
Said I throw me corn (throw me corn)
Me no call no fowl (me no call no fowl)
I saying Cok-cok-cok (Cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck) Ay Some will hate you, pretend they love you now
Then behind they try to eliminate you
But who Jah bless, no one curse
Thank God
We're past the worse Hypocrites and parasites
Will come up and take a bite
And if your night should turn to day
A lot of people would run away And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
Who the cap fit
Let them wear it And then I'm gonna throw me corn (throw me corn)
And then I'm gonna call no fowl (call no fowl)
And then I'm gonna say Cok-cok-cok (Cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck) Some will eat and drink with you
Then behind them su-su 'pon you (su-su 'pon you)
And if night should turn to day
A lot of people will run away And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
Throw me corn (Throw me corn)
Me no call no fowl (me no call no fowl)
I saying cok-cok-cok (cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck)
I gotta cok-cok-cok (cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck Oh, please don't you rock my boat (don't rock my boat)
Cause I don't want my boat to be rockin' (don't rock my boat)
Oh, please don't you rock my boat (don't rock my boat)
Cause I don't want my boat to be rockin' (don't rock my boat) I'm telling you that, oh, oh-oh,
I like it, like it this (I like it like this, I like it like this)
So keep it steady, like this. (I like it like this)
And you should know, you should know by now,
I like it (I like it like this), I like it like this
(I like it like this, I like it like this),
I like it like this, ooh yeah! (I like it like this) (Satisfy my soul) You satisfy my soul (satisfy my soul)
You satisfy my soul (satisfy my soul).
Every little action (satisfy my soul),
There's a reaction (satisfy my soul).
Oh, can't you see what you've done for me, oh, yeah!
I am happy inside all - all of the time. When we (bend) bend a new corner,
I feel like a (sweep) sweepstake winner.
When I meet you around the corner (round the corner),
You make me feel like a sweepstake winner (a sweep, a sweepstake winner).
Whoa, child! Can't you see? You must believe me!
Oh darling, darling, I'm calling, calling:
Can't you see? Why won't you believe me?
Oh, darling, darling, I'm calling, calling
(calling, calling, calling, calling) When I meet you around the corner,
Oh, I said, "Baby, never let me be a loner",
And then you hold me tight, you make me feel all right.
Yes, when you hold me tight, you made me feel all right. Whoa, honey, can't you see? Don't you believe me?
Oh, darling, darling, I'm callin', callin':
Can't you see? Why won't you believe me?
Oh, darling, darling, I'm callin', callin'
(calling, calling, calling, calling). Satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul:
That's all I want you to do, that's all I'll take from you,
Satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul. De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! Rise up fallen fighters
Rise and take your stance again
'Tis he who fight and run away
Live to fight another day With de heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! As a man sow, shall he reap
And I know that talk is cheap
But the hotter the battle
A the sweeter Jah victory With the heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! De heathen back yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! Rise up, fallen fighters
Rise and take your stance again
'Tis he who fight and run away
Live to fight another day De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah O-ooh, yea-ah, Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy-yoy-yoy!
Feel it in the one drop
And we'll still find time to rap
We're makin' the one stop,
The generation gap
Now feel this drumbeat
As it beats within,
Playin' a riddim,
Resisting against the system, ooh-wee! I know Jah's never let us down
Pull your rights from wrong
(I know Jah would never let us down)
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
They made their world so hard (so hard)
Every day we got to keep on fighting (fighting)
They made their world so hard (so hard)
Every day the people are dyin' (dying), yeah!
(Dread, dread) For hunger (dread, dread) and starvation (dread, dread)
Lamentation (dread dread)
But read it in Revelation (dread, dread, dread, dread)
You'll find your redemption
And then you give us the teachings of his majesty
For we no want no devil philosophy
A you forgive us the teachings of his majesty
A we no want no devil philosophy Feel it in the one drop
And we still find time to rap
We're making the one stop
And we filling the gap
So feel this drumbeat
As it beats within
Playing a riddim, uh!
Fighting against ism and skism Singing! I know Jah's never let us down
Pull your rights from wrong
I know Jah's never let us down
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
They made their world so hard
Every day (we got to keep on fighting), every day
They made their world so hard
Every day (the people are dying), eh!
(Dread, dread, it dread, dread) Oh, whoa! Make dem a-go on so
(It dread on dread) Ah, whoa!
(Dread, dread) I'll walk (it dread, dread)
Ah, whoa! Frighten dem! Ah, whoa! Frighten dem, eh!
Give us the teachings of his majesty with a stick-up!
We no want no devil philosophy, can you hear?
Give us the teachings of his majesty
For we no want no devil philosophy We feel it in the one drop you're lucky!
For we still got time to rap,
And we're making the one stop
Let me tell ya this generation gap
So feel this drumbeat
I tell you what it's beating within
Feel you heart playing a rythmn There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air
If you listen carefully now you will hear
This could be the first trumpet
Might as well be the last
Many more will have to suffer
Many more will have to die
Don't ask me why
Things are not the way they used to be
I won't tell no lie
One and all got to face reality now Though I try to find the answer
To all the questions they ask
Though I know it's impossible
To go living through the past
Don't tell no lie
There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air
Can't keep them down
If you listen carefully now you will hear
Such a natural mystic
Blowing through the air This could be the first trumpet
Might as well be the last
Many more will have to suffer
Many more will have to die
Don't ask me why
There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air
I won't tell no lie
If you listen carefully now, you will hear
There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air Exodus
Movement of Jah people, oh oh oh, yeah Men and people will fight ya down (tell me why)
When ya see Jah light. (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha)
Let me tell you if you're not wrong (then, why?)
Everything is all right
So we gonna walk, all right, through de roads of creation
We the generation (tell me why)
(Trod through great tribulation) trod through great tribulation Exodus, all right, movement of Jah people
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, all right
Exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, yeah Yeah-yeah-yeah, well
Uh, open your eyes and look within
Are you satisfied (with the life you're living) uh
We know where we're going, uh
We know where we're from
We're leaving Babylon
We're going to our Father lan Two, three, four exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
(Movement of Jah people) send us another brother Moses
(Movement of Jah people) from across the Red Sea
(Movement of Jah people) send us another brother Moses
(Movement of Jah people) from across the Red Sea
(Movement of Jah people) Exodus, all right, oh, oh, oh
Movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
Exodus
Exodus, all right
Exodus, now, now, now, now
Exodus
Exodus, oh, yeah
Exodus
Exodus, all right
Exodus Move, move, move, move, move, move Open your eyes and look within
Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
We know where we're going
We know where we're from
We're leaving Babylon, y'all
We're going to our Father's land Exodus, all right, movement of Jah people
Exodus, movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people Move, move, move, move, move, move, move Jah come to break down pression
Rule equality
Wipe away transgression
Set the captives free Exodus, all right, all right
Movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
Exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, now, now, now, now
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people Move, move, move, move, move, move, uh-uh-uh-uh
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move Turn your lights down low
And pull your window curtain
Oh, let the moon come shining in
Into our life again
Saying ooh, it's been a long, long time
(Long, long time)
I got this message for you, girl
But it seems I was never on time
Did I wanna get through to you, girl?
On time, on time (word)
I want to give you some love
I want to give you some good, good loving
(Uh, uh, right, uh)
Oh I, oh I, oh I
Yeah, I want to give you some good, good loving (uh) Turn your lights down low
(Word, word, uh, uh)
Never ever try to resist, oh no
(Na, na, na, na)
Oh, let your love come shining in
(Na, na, na, na)
Into our lives again
(Na, na, na, na)
Saying ooh, I love you
(I love you, I love you)
And I want you to know right now
(Know right now)
Ooh, I love you
(Uh-uh, yeah, uh)
And I want you to know right now (uh)
That I, that I
I wanna give you some love (uh, yeah)
I wanna give you some good, good loving
Oh I, oh I, oh I
I wanna give you some good, good loving (yeah uh-uh) Loving you is a like a song I replay
Every three minutes and thirty seconds of every day (uh, uh)
And every chorus was written for us to recite (right)
Every beautiful melody of devotion every night
It's potion like this ocean that might carry me
In a wave of emotion to ask you to marry me
And every word, every second, and every third
Expresses the happiness more clearly than ever heard (uh)
And when I play 'em, every chord is a poem
Telling the Lord how grateful I am 'cause I know him (what? word)
The harmonies possess a sensation similar to your caress (uh)
If you asking then I'm telling you it's yes
Stand in love, take my hand in love, God bless (right) I want to give you some good, good loving
I want to give you some love
I want to give you some good, good loving
Oh I, oh I, oh I
I wanna give you some good, good loving Good, good, good loving
(I wanna give you some good loving) Ooooh, ooooh, oooh Send me that love,
I've been created for
As the sunshine is above, uh
There is someone for me, to love
Do you believe, me?
Can you, understand I'm crying
Baby baby, c'mon Need you so!
I'll never never let you go o-ho!
Baby, baby, c'mon.. Oh darling...
I need your love,
That's all I can say right here, now
Oh oh oh baby c'mon You know I need you so,
Oh darling I'll never never let you go.
Baby baby oh darling, c'mon
Uh uh uh I say: send me that love, oh darling
I've been created for
As the sunshine is above, uh uh we
There is someone who needs to love
Do you believe me? Oh darling, can you understand I'm crying,
Oh oh darling, baby baby, oh darling, oh darling I need you tonight
/fadeout/ Greetings in the name of his majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I
Jah rastafari!
Ever-living, ever-feareful, ever-sure
Selassie I the first
Yeah
Yeah
Rastafari, ever-living
Rastman vibration, positive Rastaman vibration, yeah, positive
Live if you want to live
I'n'I vibration yeah, positive
Got to have a good vibe
I a man Iration, yeah, Irie ites
Positive vibration, yeah, positive If you get down and you quarrel everyday
You're saying prayers to the devils, I say, wooh
Why not help one another on the way?
Make it much easier (just a little bit easier) Say you just can't live that negative way
You know what I mean
Make way for the positive day
'Cause it's a new day
And it's a new time
Yes, it's a new feelin'
Said it's a new sign
Oh, what a new day Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us And I rastaman vibration, yeah, positive
I'n'I vibration yeah, positive
I a man Iration, yeah, Irie ites
Positive vibration, yeah, positive Just a little bit easier 'Cause it's a new day
And it's a new time
Said, it's a new feelin'
Said it's a new sign
Oh, what a new day Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us One Love! One Heart!
Let's get together and feel all right.
Hear the children cryin' (One Love!);
Hear the children cryin' (One Heart!),
Sayin': give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Sayin': let's get together and feel all right. Wo wo-wo wo-wo! Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (One Love!);
There is one question I'd really love to ask (One Heart!):
Is there a place for the hopeless sinner,
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own beliefs? One Love! What about the one heart? One Heart!
What about - ? Let's get together and feel all right
As it was in the beginning (One Love!);
So shall it be in the end (One Heart!),
All right!
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Let's get together and feel all right.
One more thing! Let's get together to fight this Holy Armagiddyon (One Love!),
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (One Song!).
Have pity on those whose chances grows t'inner;
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation. Sayin': One Love! What about the One Heart? (One Heart!)
What about the - ? Let's get together and feel all right.
I'm pleadin' to mankind! (One Love!);
Oh, Lord! (One Heart) Wo-ooh! Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Let's get together and feel all right.
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Let's get together and feel all right. Feeling out, feeling down:
This feeling wouldn't leave me alone.
Then up came-a one that said (hey, Dread):
"Hey, Dread, fly, Natty Dread, and smile!" You're in Jamaica: C'mon and smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, y'all!
(In Jamaica) Get it together, now!
In Jamaica, y'all. Soulful town, soulful people:
Said, I see you're having fun,
Dancin' to the reggae rhythm,
Oh, island in the sun:
Oh, smile! (In Jamaica) C'mon and smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, right now!
(In Jamaica) Get it together, children!
(In Jamaica, y'all) We're gonna help our people, help them right;
Oh, Lord, help us tonight!
Cast away that evil spell;
Throw some water in the well,
And smile! (In Jamaica) C'mon and smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get things together, right now!
(In Jamaica) Get it together, right now!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Riddim wise (wise),
Dub-a wise (wise),
And other wise (wise)
Can't criticize (-cize) our smile. (In Jamaica) You're gonna smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, right now!
(In Jamaica) Get things together, right yow!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Help my people, help them right!
O Lord, help us tonight!
Cast away evil spell;
Throw some water in the well,
And smile! (In Jamaica) You're gonna smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, children!
(In Jamaica) Get things together, right yow!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Soulful town, soulful people,
Said, I know, I know that you're having fun! Easy skanking, skanking it easy
Easy skanking, skanking it slow
Easy skanking, skanking it easy
Easy skanking, skanking it slow Excuse me while I light my spliff (spliff)
Good God I gotta' take a lift (lift)
From reality I just can't drift (drift)
That's why I am staying with this riff (riff) Take it easy, easy skanking
Got to take it easy, easy skanking
Take it easy, easy skanking
Got to take it easy, easy skanking See we're taking it easy
We're taking it slow
We're taking it easy
Got to take it slow, So take it easy, easy skanking,
Take it easy, easy skanking
Take it easy skanking
Take it easy shanking Excuse me while I light my spliff
Oh God I gotta take a lift
From reality I just can't drift
That's why I'm staying with this riff Take it easy, taking it easy
Got to take it easy, taking it slow
Take it easy, taking it easy
Skanking take it easy, taking it slow Tell you what, herb for my wine
Honey for my strong drink
Herb for my wine, honey for my strong drink I'll take it easy, taking it easy
Skankers take it easy, skanking it slow
Take, it easy, taking it easy
Take it easy, skanking it slow
Take it easy, skanking it easy
Oh oh, skanking it slow
A little bit easier, taking it easy
Skanky take it easy, skanking it slow
Take it easy, take it easy, take it easy, take it easy Try me (try me)
Try me (try me)
Try me (try me)
Try me (try me)
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me When the hurt is strong
And everything you do is wrong
You need someone to comfort you
Well, listen baby, I'll come first to you, so Try me (try me, try me)
Try me
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me If you need satisfaction
Listen baby, I've got the action
Where I am, that's where it's at
So, listen baby, it's tit for tat, so Try me (try me, try me)
Try me
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh One more thing I'd like to say right here
Try me (try me, try me)
One more thing I'd like to say right here
Try me (try me, try me)
Need good lovin'
I'm black (try me) coming
Yes I'm black (try me) and I'm coming
Try me, try me One love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
Hear the children cryin' (one love)
Hear the children cryin' (one heart)
Sayin' give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Sayin' let's get together and feel all right Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (one love)
There is one question I'd really love to ask (one heart)
Is there a place for the hopeless sinners
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own beliefs? One love, what about the one heart, one heart
What about, people, let's get together and feel all right
As it was in the beginning (one love)
So shall it be in the end (one heart)
All right! Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right, one more thing Let's get together to fight this Holy Armagiddyon (one love)
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (one song)
Have pity on those whose chances grows t'inner
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation Sayin', one love, what about the one heart? (one heart)
What about the, let's get together and feel all right
I'm pleadin' to mankind (one love)
Oh, Lord (one heart) whoa Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right Life is for man to live (let man live life)
Bread is for man to eat (let man eat bread)
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism Everything ya run dung 'pon (x4) Come, we go reason now
Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now
(We deh go reason now) (x3) Where do you stand for happiness
When you no say you no want it
While some a dem (some a dem, some a dem) out deh, eh I bus dem shut right now
Fi get it
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism Woman feels the pain
Man suffer, Lord
Woman feels the pain
Man suffer, Lord Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now (x6)
Peeyah, peeyah, pyaka, come (x3)
Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now (x4)
Bread and pyaka
Sister pyaka
Bread and pyaka
Sister pyaka
Cut down pyaka-ism
Cut down pyaka-ism Ziya-po ya-ya, pa-pa-ya-pa!
Ti-da-lee, na po-po pu-du-loo!
Ste-na-peh na-na po po-ro po! Africa unite
'Cause we're moving right out of Babylon
And we're going to our Father's land How good and how pleasant it would be
Before God and man, yeah
To see the unification of all Africans, yeah
As it's been said already
Let it be done, yeah
We are the children of the Rastaman
We are the children of the Iyaman So, Africa unite
'Cause the children (Africa unite) wanna come home, yeah
Africa unite
'Cause we're moving right out of Babylon
And we're grooving to our Father's land How good and how pleasant it would be
Before God and man
To see the unification of all Rastaman, yeah
As it's been said already, let it be done
I tell you who we are under the sun
We are the children of the Rastaman
We are the children of the Iyaman So, Africa unite
Afri, Africa unite, yeah!
Unite for the benefit (Africa unite) of your people!
Unite for it's later (Africa unite) than you think!
Unite for the benefit (Africa unite) of my children!
Unite for it's later (Africa uniting) than you think!
Africa awaits (Africa unite) its creators!
Africa awaiting (Africa uniting) its creator!
Africa, you're my (Africa unite) forefather cornerstone!
Unite for the Africans (Africa uniting) abroad!
Unite for the Africans (Africa unite) a yard! All twinklin' lee
Can't see the right roads when the streets are paved
The old slave men might grind slow
But it grinds fine, yeah African herbsman, why linger on?
Just concentrate, 'cause heaven lives on
Retired slave men will look with a scorn
With a transplanted heart (yes, how quick they had to part)
(how quick they had to part) The remembrance of today
Is the sad feelin' of tomorrow
(how quick) Oh (part), oh yeah African herbsman, seize your time
I'm takin' illusion on the edge of my mind
I'm takin' losers down through my life
Down through my life, yeah (yes, how quick they had to part)
(how quick they had to part) Dideh part, yes, they part
In remembrance of today
(how quick they had to part) African herbsman, why linger on?
Just concentrate, 'cause your heaven lives on
Greet-I-eth slave men will look with a scorn
With a transplanted heart, yes, how (quick they have to part)
(how quick they have to part) In remembrance of today
Brings sad feelings of tomorrow
(Yes, how quick they have to) Lead me on, oh, Lord, I pray to you (African herbsman) (African herbsman)
African, African herbsman Hear the words of the Rastaman say
"Babylon, you throne gone down, gone down
Babylon, you throne gone down" Said I hear the words of the Iyaman say
"Babylon, you throne gone down, gone down
Babylon, you throne gone down" And I hear the angel with the seven seals say
"Babylon throne gone down, gone down
Babylon throne gone down" I say fly away home to Zion (fly away home)
I say fly away home to Zion (fly away home)
One bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home One bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home
One bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home
Say one bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry. 'Cause, 'cause, 'cause, I remember when we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown,
Oba - obaserving the 'ypocrites
Mingle with the good people we meet.
Good friends we have, oh, good friends we've lost
Along the way.
In this great future, you can't forget your past,
So dry your tears, I seh. No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry.
'Ere, little darlin', don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. Said, said, said, I remember when-a we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown.
And then Georgie would make the fire lights,
As it was logwood burnin' through the nights.
Then we would cook cornmeal porridge,
Of which I'll share with you,
My feet is my only carriage,
So I've got to push on through.
While I'm gone Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right! So, no woman, no cry,
No, no, woman, woman, no cry.
I say, oh little oh little darling, don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. No woman, no woman, no woman, no cry
No woman, no cry, one more time I've to say
Oh little little darling, please don't shed no tears,
No woman, no cry No woman, no woman, no cry You know that I love you,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
You know that I love you,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
Every morning I get up, I sip my cup;
My eyes get red, no-one to hear me.
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
I'd like to say:baby, you so nice:
I'd like to do the same thing twice, yeah!
Baby, you so nice.
I'd like to do the same thing twice.
I love you so much, so-o-o-
Love you - love you, baby, so much.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
I live in the woods alone;
I need your (company) company.
Baby! Woods alone!
I need your company, yeah!
Every morning I get up, I sip my cup;
My eyes get red, no-one to hear me.
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me, yeah!
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
I'd like to say: baby, you so nice:
Do the same thing twice, yeah!
Baby, you so nice;
I'd like to do the same thing twice;
I love you, baby, so much Dready got a job to do
And he's got to fulfill that mission
To see his hurt is their greatest ambition, yeah!
But we will survive in this world of competition
'Cause no matter what they do
Natty keep on comin' through
And no matter what they say
Natty do them every day, yeah!
Natty dread rides again
Through the mystics of tomorrow
Natty dread rides again
Have no fear, have no sorrow, yeah! All and all you see a-gwan
Is to fight against Rastaman
So they build their world in great confusion
To force on us the devil's illusion
But the stone that the builder refuse
Shall be the head cornerstone
And no matter what game they play
We got something they could never take away
We got something they could never take away And it's the fire (fire), it's the fire (fire)
That's burning down everything
Feel that fire (fire), the fire (fire)
Only the birds have their wings, yeah!
No time to be deceived
Oh, brothers, you should know and not believe
Jah say this judgement, it could never be with water
No water could put out this fire (fire)
This fire (fire), this fire (fire)
This fire (fire), a yaga y'all! ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there,
'Cause now the fire is out of control
Panic in the city, wicked weeping for their gold!
Everywhere this fire is burning,
Destroying and melting their gold,
Destroying and wasting their souls Go ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there! Tell you what now the people gather on the beach
And the leader try to make a speech
But the dreadies understandin' that it's too late
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Natty dread rides again (natty dread rides again)
And me say, go there, dready! Go there! (go there, go there)
Oh ride, natty, ride! (dread rides again)
And go there, dready! (go there, go there)
Ridin' through the storm,
Riding through the calm (go there, go there)
Oh ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there!
Ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, do there! We refuse to be
What you wanted us to be
We are what we are
That's the way it's going to be, if you don't know
You can't educate I
For no equal opportunity (talkin' 'bout my freedom)
Talkin' 'bout my freedom
People freedom and liberty!
Yeah, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long
Rebel, rebel!
Yes, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long
Rebel, rebel! Babylon system is the vampire, yea! (vampire)
Suckin' the children day by day, yeah!
Me say de Babylon system is the vampire, falling empire,
Suckin' the blood of the sufferers, yeah!
Building church and university, wooh, yeah!
Deceiving the people continually, yeah!
Me say them graduatin' thieves and murderers
Look out now they suckin' the blood of the sufferers (sufferers)
Yea! (sufferers) Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth right now!
Come on and tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Come on and tell the children the truth 'Cause, 'cause we've been trodding on ya winepress much too long
Rebel, rebel!
And we've been takin' for granted much too long
Rebel, rebel! (Trodding on the winepress) Trodding on the winepress (rebel)
Got to rebel, y'all (rebel)
We've been trodding on the winepress much too long, yeah! (rebel)
Yeah! (rebel) Yeah! Yeah! From the very day we left the shores (trodding on the winepress)
Of our Father's land (rebel)
We've been trampled on (rebel)
Oh now! (takin' for granted) Lord, Lord You can't blame the youths
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths You're teaching youths to learn in the school
And that the cow jumped over moon
Teaching youths to learn in the school
And that the dish ran away with spoon So you can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths, not at all
You can't fool the youths You teach the youths about Christopher Columbus
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about Marco Polo
And you said he was a very great man You teach the youths about the pirate Hawkins
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about the pirate Morgan
And you said he was a very great man So, you can't blame the youths, when they don't learn
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths When every Christmas come
You buy the youth a pretty toy gun
When every Christmas comes around
You buy the youth a fancy toy gun So, you can't blame the youths when they get bad
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths Said he was a very great man
Said he was a very great man You teach the youths about Christopher Columbus
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about Marco Polo
And you said he was a very great man You teach the youths about the pirate Hawkins
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about the pirate Morgan
And you said he was a very great man So, you can't blame the youths
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths, yeah And you said he was a very great man The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone-a sing it brother
The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone You're a builder, baby
Here I am, a stone
Don't you pick and refuse me
'Cause the things people refuse
Are the things they should choose
Do you hear me?
Hear what I say! Stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone-a tell me why
The stone that the builder refuse, yeah!
Will always be the head cornerstone Here I am baby
I am, a builder's stone!
Don't you pick and refuse me, listen
The tings people refuse
Are the things they should use
Do you hear me
Hear what I say The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone
The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone
The stone that dem builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone
The stone Wohoo, said I'd never gonna give my love to nobody, but you baby (but you baby)
I'd never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) So love me (forever)
I said love me (forever)
Oh baby love me baby not just pleasure
Love me always forever
'Cause I love you
Scouldn't be better (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Right now! (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) So don't you never give your love to nobody but me baby (but me baby)
Don't you never give your love to no body but me baby (but me babe) Hey, all day (and all night)
I said all day (and all night)
Our love needs protection
Our love needs direction
I love you (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) I mean what I say (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Whoo, I'm never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
Never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) I'll never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
Never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Right now! (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Oh, never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
I'll never give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) Love me (forever)
I said love me (forever)
Oh baby love me baby not just pleasure
Love me always forever
'Cause I love you
Baby now (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) You must believe (Said I'm given my love to you baby) I mean what I say
(You've got my love, you've got my love) Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na;
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na;
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na;
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na Them belly full but we hungry
A hungry mob is a angry mob
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough
You're gonna dance to JAH music, dance
We're gonna dance to JAH music, dance
Forget your troubles and dance
Forget your sorrow and dance
Forget your sickness and dance
Forget your weakness and dance
Cost of living get so high,
Rich and poor, they start a cry
Now the weak must get strong
They say, "Oh, what a tribulation" Them belly full but we hungry
A hungry mob is a angry mob
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough
We're gonna chuck to JAH music, chuckin'
We're chuckin' to JAH music, we're chuckin' Chuckin'
Chuckin' Chuckin'
Chuckin' A belly full but them hungry
A hungry mob is a angry mob
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough A hungry man is a angry man
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A hungry mob is a angry mob A hungry man is a angry man 