L is for the way you look at me
O is for the only one I see
V is very, very extraordinary
E is even more than anyone that you adore can Love is all that I can give to you
Love is more than just a game for two
Two in love can make it
Take my heart and please don't break it
Love was made for me and you L is for the way you look at me
O is for the only one I see
V is very, very extraordinary
E is even more than anyone that you adore can Love is all that I can give to you
Love is more than just a game for two
Two in love can make it
Take my heart and please don't break it
Love was made for me and you
Love was made for me and you
Love was made for me and you
Love was made for me and you Start spreading the news
I am leaving today
I want to be a part of it
New York, New York These vagabond shoes
Are longing to stray
Right through the very heart of it
New York, New York I wanna wake up, in a city
That doesn't sleep
And find I'm king of the hill
Top of the heap This little town blues
Are melting away
I'll make a brand new start of it
In old New York If I can make it there
I'll make it anywhere
It's up to you
New York, New York New York, New York
I want to wake up in that city
That never sleeps
And find I'm hey number one
Top of the list
King of the hill
Hey number one These are little town blues
They have all melted away
I'm gonna make a brand new start of it
In old New York
And I
If I can make it there
I'm gonna make it anywhere
It's up to you
New York, New York, New York And now the end is near
And so I face the final curtain
My friend, I'll say it clear
I'll state my case of which I'm certain I've lived a life that's full
I've travelled each and every highway
and more, much more than this
I did it my way Regrets I've had a few
But then again too few to mention
I did what I had to do
And saw it through without exemption I planned each chartered course
Each careful step along the by-way
And more, much more than this
I did it my way Yes, there were times
I'm sure you knew
When I bit off more than I could chew
But through it all when there was doubt
I ate it up and spit it out
I faced it all And I stood tall
And did it my way
I've loved, I've laughed, and cried
I've had my fill, my share of losing And now, as tears subside
I find it all so amusing
To think I did all that
And may I say, not in a shy way Oh no, oh no, not me
I did it my way
For what is a man, what has he got?
If not himself then he has naught
To say the things he truly feels
And not the words of one who kneels
The record shows I took the blows
And did it my way
Yes, it was my way Next time you're found
With your chin on the ground
There a lot to be learned
So look around Just what makes that little old ant
Think he'll move that rubber tree plant
Anyone knows an ant, can't
Move a rubber tree plant But he's got high hopes
He's got high hopes
He's got high apple pie
In the sky hopes So any time you're gettin low
Stead of lettin go, just remember that ant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant When troubles call
And your back's to the wall
There a lot to be learned
That wall could fall Once there was a silly old ram
Thought he'd punch a hole in a dam
No one could make that ram, scram
He kept buttin that dam Cause he had high hopes
He had high hopes
He had high apple pie
In the sky hopes So any time you're feelin bad
Stead of feelin sad, just remember that ram
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam All problems just a toy balloon
They'll be bursted soon, they're just bound to go pop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop, kerplop You're just too good to be true
I can't take my eyes off of you
You'd be like heaven to touch
I wanna hold you so much
At long last love has arrived
and I thank God I'm alive
You're just too good to be true
can't take my eyes off of you
Pardon the way that I stare,
there's nothing else to compare
The sight of you leaves me weak
there are no words left to speak
But if you feel like I feel,
please let me know that it's real
You're just too good to be true,
can't take my eyes off of you
I love you baby and if it's quite all right,
I need you baby to warm the lonely nights
I love you baby trust in me when I say
Oh pretty baby don't bring me down I pray
Oh pretty baby now that I found you, stay
And let me love you baby, let me love you
You're just too good to be true
can't take my eyes off of you
You'd be like heaven to touch
I wanna hold you so much
At long last love has arrived
and I thank God I'm alive
You're just too good to be true
can't take my eyes off of you
I love you baby and if it's quite all right,
I need you baby to warm the lonely night
I love you baby trust in me when I say
Oh pretty baby don't bring me down I pray
Oh pretty baby now that I found you, stay
And let me love you baby, let me love you Somewhere beyond the sea
Somewhere waitin for me
My lover stands on golden sand
And watches the ships that go sailin Somewhere beyond the sea
She's there watchin for me
If I could fly like birds on high
Then straight to her arms I'd go sailin It's far beyond the star
It's near beyond the moon
I know beyond a doubt
My heart will lead me there soon We'll meet beyond the shore
We'll kiss just as before
Happy we'll be, beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailin I know beyond a doubt,
My heart will lead me there soon
We'll meet, I know we'll meet
Beyond the shore
We'll kiss just as before
Happy we'll be, beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailin No more sailin 
So long sailin 
Byebye sailin I know I stand in line,
until you think you have the time
to spend an evening with me.
And if we go some place to dance,
I know that there's a chance
you won't be leaving with me.
And afterwards we drop into a quiet little place
and have a drink or two.
And then I go and spoil it all,
by saying something stupid
like: I love you.
I can see it in your eyes,
that you despise the same old lies
you heard the night before. And though it's just a line to you,
for me it's true,
it never seemed so right before.
I practice every day to find some clever lines to say,
to make the meaning come true.
But then I think I'll wait
until the evening gets late,
and I'm alone with you.
The time is right, your perfume fills my head,
the stars get red,
and oh, the night's so blue.
And then I go and spoil it all,
by saying something stupid
like: I love you.
The time is right, your perfume fills my head,
the stars get red,
and oh, the night's so blue.
And then I go and spoil it all,
by saying something stupid
like: I love you.
i love you
i love you
i love you Some day, when I'm awfully low
When the world is cold
I will feel a glow just thinking of you
And the way you look tonight Yes, you're lovely, with your smile so warm
And your cheeks so soft
There is nothing for me but to love you
And the way you look tonight With each word your tenderness grows
Tearin my fear apart
And that laugh.wrinkles your nose
Touches my foolish heart Lovely , Never, never change
Keep that breathless charm
Won't you please arrange it? cause I love you
Just the way you look tonight And that laugh that wrinkles your nose
It touches my foolish heart Lovely , Don't you ever change
Keep that breathless charm
Won't you please arrange it? cause I love you
a-just the way you look tonight Mm, Mm Mm, Mm,
Just the way you look tonight That's life that's life , that's what all the people say
You're ridin high in April, shot down in May
But I know I'm gonna change that tune
When I'm back on top, back on top in June I said that's life that's life , and as funny as it may seem
Some people get their kicks stompin on a dream
But I don't let it, let it get me down
cause this fine old world, it keeps spinnin around I've been a puppet, a pauper, a pirate, a poet, a pawn and a king
I've been up and down and over and out and I know one thing
Each time I find myself flat on my face
I pick myself up and get back in the race That's life that's life , I tell you I can't deny it
I thought of quitting, baby, but my heart just ain't gonna buy it
And if I didn't think it was worth one single try
I'd jump right on a big bird and then I'd fly I've been a puppet, a pauper, a pirate, a poet, a pawn and a king
I've been up and down and over and out and I know one thing
Each time I find myself layin flat on my face
I just pick myself up and get back in the race That's life that's life , that's life and I can't deny it
Many times I thought of cuttin out but my heart won't buy it
But if there's nothin shakin come this here July
I'm gonna roll myself up in a big ball a-and die My, my! Oh, it's a long, long while from May to December
But the days grow short when you reach September
And the autumn weather turns the leaves to flame
And I haven't got time for the waiting game And the days dwindle down to a precious few
September, November
And these few precious days, I'll spend with you
These precious days, I'll spend with you And the days dwindle down to a precious few
September, November
And these few precious days, I'll spend with you
These precious days, I'll spend with you Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Let your heart be light
From now on, all our troubles will be out of sight Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Make the yule-tide gay
From now on, our troubles will be miles away Here were are as in olden days
Happy golden days of yore
Faithful friends who are dear to us
Gather near to us once more Through the years we all will be together
If the fates allow
Hang a shining star upon the highest bough
And have yourself a merry little Christmas now Here we are as in olden days
Happy golden days Of yore
Faithful friends who are dear to us
Gather near to us once more Through the years we all will be together
If the fates allow
Hang a shining star upon the highest bough
And have yourself a merry little Christmas now
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, She gets too hungry for dinner at eight
She likes the theatre and never comes late
She never bothers with people she'd hate
That's why the lady is a tramp Doesn't like crap games with barons or earls
Won't go to Harlem in ermine and pearls
Won't dish the dirt with the rest of the girls
That's why the lady is a tramp She likes the free, fresh wind in her hair
Life without care
She's broke, and it's ok Hates California, it's cold and it's damp
That's why the lady is a tramp She gets too hungry to wait for dinner at eight
She loves the theatre but never comes late
She'd never bother with people she'd hate
That's why the lady is a tramp She'll have no crap games with sharpies and frauds
And she won't go to Harlem in Lincolns or Fords
And she won't dish the dirt with the rest of the broads
That's why the lady is a tramp She'd love the free, fresh wind in her hair
Life without care
She's broke, but it's ok Hates California, it's so cold and so damp
That's why the lady
That's why the lady
That's why the lady is a tramp It had to be you
It had to be you
I wandered around
And finally found
The somebody who
Could make me be true Could make me be blue
Or even be glad
Just to be sad
Thinking of you Some others I've seen
Might never been mean
Might never be crossed
Or try to be bossed
But they wouldn't do For nobody else
Gave me a thrill
With all your faults
I love you still
It had to be you
Wonderful you
It had to be you The summer wind came blowin in
From across the sea
It lingered there to touch your hair
And walk with me All summer long, we sang a song
And then we strolled that golden sand
Two sweethearts
And the summer wind Like painted kites
Those days and nights they went flyin by
The world was new
Beneath a blue umbrella sky Then softer than a piper man
One day it called to you
I lost you, I lost you
To the summer wind The autumn wind and the winter winds
They have come and gone
And still the days, those lonely days
They go on and on And guess who sighs his lullabies
Through nights that never end
My fickle friend, the summer wind
The summer wind, warm summer wind, the summer wind Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away
If you could use some exotic booze
There's a bar in far Bombay
Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away Come fly with me, let's float down to Peru
In llama-land there's a one-man band
And he'll toot his flute for you
Come on fly with me, let's take off in the blue Once I get you up there
Where the air is rarefied
We'll just glide
Starry-eyed
Once I get you up there
I'll be holding you so near
You may hear
all Angels cheer, cause we're together Weather-wise, it's such a lovely day
Just say the words and we'll beat the birds
Back to Acapulco Bay
It is perfect for a flying honeymoon, they say
Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away
Once I get you up there
Where the air is rarefied
We'll just glide
Starry-eyed
Once I get you up there
I'll be holding you so very near
You mite even hear
a hole gang cheer, cause we're together Weather-wise, it's such a Co co day
If you say those words, and we'll take the t birds
Back to Acapulco Bay
It is perfect for a flying honeymoon, they babe
Come fly with me, let's fly
Pack up, let's fly away
Thanks for the memory
Of things I can't forget
Journeys on a jet
Our wondrous week in martinique
And vegas and roulette
How lucky I was And thanks for the memory
Of summers by the sea
Dawn in waikiki
We had a pad in london
But we didn't stop for tea
How cozy it was Now since our breakup I wake up
Alone on a gray morning-after
I long for the sound of your laughter
And then I see the laugh's on me But thanks for the memory
Of every touch a thrill
I've been through the mill
I've lived a lot and learned a lot
You loved me not and still
I miss you so much Thanks for the memory
Of how we used to jog
Even in a fog
That barbecue in malibu
Away from all the smog
How rainy it was Thanks for the memory
Of letters I destroyed
Books that we enjoyed
Tonight the way things look
I need a book by sigmund freud
How brainy he was Gone are those evenings on broadway
Together we'd go to a great show
But now I begin with the late show
And wish that you
Were watching, too I know it's a fallacy
That grown men never cry
Baby, that's a lie
We had our bed of roses
But forgot that roses die
And thank you so much She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart.
I was born in Kansas, Iowa, bred in Kansas,
And when I get married, I'll be wed in Kansas
There's a true-blue gal who promised she would wait,
She's a sunflower from the Sunflower State.
She's a sunflower, she's my sunflower,
And I'll know we'll never part,
She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart. Troubles end in Kansas, folks unbend in Kansas,
Everyone you'll meet will be your friend in Kansas,
And they'll all be there to help me celebrate
With my sunflower from the Sunflower State.
She's a sunflower, she's my sunflower,
And I'll know we'll never part,
She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart.
Oh the moon is brighter and stars are bluer,
And the gals are sweeter and their hearts are truer,
And I'm here to take, there's one who's really great,
She's that sunflower from the Sunflower State.
She's a sunflower, she's my sunflower,
And I'm sure we'll never part,
She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart. If you go away on this summer day,
Then you might as well take the sun away;
All the birds that flew in the summer sky,
When our love was new and our hearts were high;
When the day was young and the night was long,
And the moon stood still for the night bird's song.
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
But if you stay, I'll make you a day
Like no day has been, or will be again;
We'll sail the sun, we'll ride on the rain,
We'll talk to the trees and worship the wind.
Then if you go, I'll understand,
Leave me just enough love to fill up my hand,
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
If you go, as I know you will, you must tell the world to stop turning
Till you return again, if you ever do, for what good is love without loving you,
Can I tell you now, as you turn to go, I'll be dying slowly till the next hello,
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
But if you stay, I'll make you a night
Like no night has been, or will be again.
I'll sail on your smile, I'll ride on your touch,
I'll talk to your eyes that I love so much.
But if you go, go, I won't cry,
Though the good is gone from the word goodbye,
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
If you go away, as I know you must,
There'll be nothing left in the world to trust,
Just an empty room, full of empty space,
Like the empty look I see on your face.
I'd have been the shadow of your shadow
If I thought it might have kept me by your side.
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away. 
Tall and tan and young and lovely
The girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes, each one she passes goes, ah
When she walks, she's like a samba
That swings so cool and sways so gentle
That when she passes, each one she passes goes, ah
But he watch her so sadly
How can he tell her he loves her
Yes I would give my heart gladly
But each day, that she walks to the sea
She looks straight ahead, not at he
Tall, and tan, and young, and lovely
The girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes, he smile, but she doesn't see
Doesn't see
She just doesn't see, she never sees him
Strangers in the night exchanging glances 
Wondering in the night
What were the chances we'd be sharing love
Before the night was through.
Something in your eyes was so inviting Something in your smile was so exciting
Something in my heart
Told me I must have you.
Strangers in the night Two lonely people we were strangers in the night
Up to the moment
When we said our first hello.
Little bit we know
Love was just a glance away
A warm embracing dance away, and
Ever since that night we've been together. Lovers at first sight, in love forever.
It turned out so right
For strangers in the night.
Love was just a glance away
A warm embracing dance away.
Ever since that night we've been together.
Lovers at first sight, in love forever.
It turned out so right
For strangers in the night. 
Each time I cling to your kiss, I hear music divine,
Hold me my darling and say that you'll always be mine.
This joy is something new, my arms enfolding you,
Never knew this thrill before.
Whoever thought I'll be holding you close to me,
Whispering it's you I adore.
Dearest one, if you should leave me,
Each little dream would take wing and my life would be through.
Besame mucho, love me forever and make all my dreams come true.
Besame, besame mucho,
All of me
Why not take all of me
Can't you see
I'm no good without you
Take my lips
I wanna lose them
Take my arms
I'll never use them
Your goodbye left me with eyes that cry
How can I get along without you
You took the part that ones was my heart
So why not, why not take all of me All of me
Come on get all of me
Can't you see
I'm just a mess without you
Take my lips
I wanna lose them
Get a piece of these arms
I'll never use them
Your goodbye left me with eyes that cry
How can I ever make it without you
You know you got the part
Used to be my heart
So why not, why not take all of me
Sad is to live in solitude
far from your tranquil altitude
Sad is to know that no one ever can live on a dream
that never can be, will never be
dreamer awake, wake up and see. Your beauty is an aeroplane
so high my heart can't bear the strain
A heart that stops when you pass by
only to cause me pain
sad is to live in solitude Call me irresponsible, call me unreliable
Throw in undependable too
Do my foolish alibis bore you
Well, I'm not too clever, I just adore you Call me unpredictable, tell me I'm impractical
Rainbows, I'm inclined to pursue
Call me irresponsible, yes, I'm unreliable
But it's undeniably true
I'm irresponsibly mad for you Call me irresponsible, yes, I'm unreliable
But it's undeniably true
I'm irresponsibly mad for you I'll be seeing you,
In all the old familiar places,
That this heart of mine embraces,
All day through. In that small cafe,
The park across the way,
The children's carousel,
The chestnut trees the wishing well. I'll be seeing you in every lovely summer's day and,
Everything that's light and gay,
I'll always think of you that way,
I'll find you in the morning sun,
And when the night is new,
I'll be looking at the moon,
I'll be seeing you. Yes I'll be seeing you in every lovely summer's day,
And everything that's light and gay,
I'll always think of you that way,
I will find you in the morning sun and,
when the night is new,
I'll be looking at the moon,
While I'll be seeing you.
Yes I will dig you in the early bright and
When the night is new
I'll be looking at the moon
I'll be looking but I'll be seeing you He: Tangerine, she is all they claim
With her eyes of night and lips as bright as flame
Tangerine, when she dances by, senoritas stare and caballeros sigh
And I've seen toasts to Tangerine
Raised in every bar across the Argentine
Yes, she has them all on the run, but her heart belongs to just one
Her heart belongs to Tangerine
She: Tangerine, she is all they say
With mascara'd eye and chapeaux by Dache.
Tangerine, with her lips of flame
If the color keeps, Louis Philippe's to blame.
And I've seen clothes on Tangerine
Where the label says From Macy's Mezzanine.
Yes, she's got the guys in a whirl, but she's only fooling one girl
She's only fooling Tangerine! What good are words I say to you?
They can't convey to you what's in my heart
If you could hear instead
The things I've left unsaid Time after time
I tell myself that I'm
So lucky to be loving you So lucky to be
The one you run to see
In the evening, when the day is through I only know what I know
The passing years will show
You've kept my love so young, so new And time after time
You'll hear me say that I'm
So lucky to be loving you I've got you under my skin
I've got you deep in the heart of me
So deep in my heart that you're really a part of me
I've got you under my skin I'd tried so not to give in
I said to myself this affair never will go so well
But why should I try to resist when baby I know so well
I've got you under my skin I'd sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of having you near
In spite of a warning voice that comes in the night
And repeats, repeats in my ear
Don't you know little fool
You never can win
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
But each time that I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop before I begin
Cause I've got you under my skin I would sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of having you near
In spite of the warning voice that comes in the night
And repeats how it yells in my ear
Don't you know, little fool
You never can win
Why not use your mentality
Step up, wake up to reality
But each time I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop just before I begin
Cause I've got you under my skin
Yes, I've got you under my skin When marimba rhythms start to play
Dance with me, make me sway
Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore
Hold me close, sway me more Like a flower bending in the breeze
Bend with me, sway with ease
When we dance you have a way with me
Stay with me, sway with me Other dancers may be on the floor
Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have the magic technique
When we sway I go weak I can hear the sounds of violins
Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now Other dancers may be on the floor
Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have the magic technique
When we sway I go weak I can hear the sounds of violins
Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now
You know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now I look at you and suddenly
Something in your eyes I see
Soon begins bewitching me It's that Old Devil moon
That you stole from the skies
It's that Old Devil Moon in your eyes You and you glance
Make this romance
Too hot to handle Stars in the night
Blazing their light
Can't hold a candle To your razzle-dazzle
You've got me flyin high and wide
On a magic carpet ride
Full of butterflies inside Wanna cry, wanna croon
Wanna laugh like a loon
It's that Old Devil Moon in your eyes Just when I think, I'm
Free as a dove
Old Devil Moon
Deep in your eyes
Blinds me with love To your razzle-dazzle
You've got me flyin high and wide
On a magic carpet ride
Full of butterflies inside Wanna cry, wanna croon
Wanna laugh like a loon
It's that Old Devil Moon in your eyes Just when I think, I'm
Free as a dove
Old Devil Moon
Deep in your eyes
Blinds me with love
Oh, blind me with love This is just a little samba
Built upon a single note
Other notes are bound to follow
But the root is still that note Now this new note is the consequence
Of the one we've just been through
As I'm bound to be
The unavoidable consequence of you There's so many people
Who can talk and talk, and talk
And just say nothing
Or nearly nothing I have used up all the scale
I know and at the end
I've come to nothing
I mean nothing So I come back to my first note
As I come back to you
I will pour into that one note
All the love I feel for you Any one who wants the whole show
Re mi fa so la ci do
He will find himself with no show
Better play the note you know So I come back to my first note
I must come back to you
I will pour into that one note
All the love I feel for you Any one who wants the whole show
Re mi fa so la ci do
He will find himself with no show
Better play the note you know I'm in the mood for love
Simply because you're near me
Funny, but when you're near me
I'm in the mood for love Heaven was in your eyes
Bright as the stars we're under
Oh, is it any wonder?
I'm in the mood for love Why should we think of weather?
This little dream might fade
We'll put our hearts together
Now we are one, I'm not afraid If there's a cloud above
If it should rain, we'll let it
But, for tonight, forget it
I'm in the mood So please don't keep me waiting
You'll never lose
My heart is yours for taking, darling
I'm in the mood for love Every time it rains, it rains
Pennies from Heaven
Don't you know each cloud contains
Pennies from Heaven You'll find your fortunes falling
All over the town
Be sure that your umbrella
Is upside down Trade them for a package of
Sunshine and flowers
If you want the things you love
You must have showers So when you hear it thunder
Don't run under a tree
There'll be pennies from Heaven
For you and me Trade them for a package of
Sunshine and flowers
If you want the things you love
You must have showers So when you hear it thunder
Don't run under a tree
There'll be pennies from Heaven
For you and me Fairy tales can come true, it can happen to you
If you're young at heart.
For it's hard, you will find, to be narrow of mind
If you're young at heart. You can go to extremes with impossible schemes.
You can laugh when your dreams fall apart at the seams.
And life gets more exciting with each passing day.
And love is either in your heart, or on it's way. Don't you know that it's worth every treasure on earth
To be young at heart.
For as rich as you are, it's much better by far
To be young at heart. And if you should survive to 105,
Look at all you'll derive out of being alive!
And here is the best part, you have a head start
If you are among the very young at heart. And if you should survive to 105,
Look at all you'll derive out of being alive!
And here is the best part, you have a head start
If you are among the very young at heart. Love is a many-splendored thing,
It's the April rose that only grows in the early spring,
Love is nature's way of giving, a reason to be living,
The golden crown that makes a man a king. Once on a high and windy hill,
In the morning mist two lovers kissed and the world stood still,
Then our fingers touched my silent heart and taught it how to sing,
Yes, true love's a many-splendored thing. When somebody loves you
It's no good unless he loves you all the way
Happy to be near you
When you need someone to cheer you all the way Taller than the tallest tree is
That's how it's got to feel
Deeper than the deep blue sea is
That's how deep it goes if it's real When somebody needs you
It's no good unless he needs you all the way
Through the good or lean years
And for all the in between years come what may Who knows where the road will lead us?
Only a fool would say
But if you'll let me love you
It's for sure I'm gonna love you all the way, all the way
So if you let me love you
It's for sure I'm gonna love you all the way, all the way Like the beat beat beat of the tom-tom
When the jungle shadows fall
Like the tick tick tock of the stately clock
As it stands against the wall
Like the drip drip drip of the raindrops
When the summer shower is through
So a voice within me keeps repeating you, you, you Night and day
You are the one
Only you beneath the moon and under the sun
Whether near to me or far
It's no matter, darling, where you are
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Why is it so
That this longing for you follows wherever I go?
In the roarin traffic's boom
In the silence of my lonely room
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Under the hide of me
There's an oh such a hungry yearnin burnin inside of me
And its torment won't be through
Til you let me spend my life making love to you
Day and night
Night and day Night and day
You are one
Only you neath the moon or under the sun
Whether near to me or far
It's no matter, baby, where you are
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Why is it so
That this longing for you follows wherever I go
In the roarin traffic's boom
In the silence of my lonely room
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Under the height of me
There's an oh such a hungry yearnin burnin inside of me
And its torment won't be through
Til you let me spend life making love to you
Day and night
Night and day Look at me
I'm as helpless as a kitten
Up a tree
And I feel like I'm
Hanging from a cloud
I can't understand
I get misty
Just holding your hand
Walk my way
And a thousand violins begin to play
Or it might be the sound of your hello
This magic I hear
I get misty
The moment you're near
You could say that you're leading me on
But it's just what I want you to do
Can't you see just how hopelessly I'm drawn
That's why I'm following you
On my own
Would I wander through this wonderland alone
Never knowing my right foot from my left
My hat from my glove
I get misty
And too much in love
On my own
Would I wander through this wonderland alone
Never knowing my right foot from my left
My hat and my glove
I get misty
And too much in love
Look at me Let someone start believing in you,
let him hold out his hand
Let him touch you and watch what happens One someone who can look in your eyes,
and see into your heart
Let him find you and watch what happens Cold, no I won't believe your heart is cold
Maybe just afraid to be broken again Let someone with a deep love to give
Give that deep love to you,
and what magic you'll see Let someone with a deep love to give
Give that deep love to you
and what magic you'll see Let someone give his heart,
someone who cares like me
Let someone give his heart who cares like me
Someone who cares like me You're gonna love what happens Emily, Emily, Emily
Has the murmuring sound of May
All silver bells, coral shells, carousels
And the laughter of children at play They say Emily, Emily, Emily
And we fade to a marvelous view
Two lovers alone and out of sight
Seeing images in the firelight
As my eyes visualize a family
They see dreamily, Emily
Two lovers alone and out of sight
Seeing images in the firelight
As my eyes visualize a family
They see dreamily, Emily Those fingers in my hair
That sly come hither stare
That strips my conscience bare
It's witchcraft. And I've got no defense for it
The heat is too intense for it.
What good would common sense for it do? Cause it's witchcraft
Wicked witchcraft
And although I know it's strictly taboo When you arouse the need in me
My heart says yes indeed in me
Proceed with what your leading me to It's such an ancient pitch
But one I wouldn't switch Cause there's no nicer witch than you Instrumental break
Cause it's witchcraft
That crazy witchcraft And although I know it's strictly taboo
When you arouse the need in me
My heart says yes indeed in me
Proceed with what your leading me to,
It's such an ancient pitch
But one that I would never switch
Cause there's no nicer witch than you I've got the world on a string
I'm sitting on a rainbow
Got the string around my finger
What a world, what a life, I'm in love I've got a song that I sing
I can make the rain go
Anytime I move my finger
Lucky me, can't you see, I'm in love Life's a wonderful thing
As long as, I hang on to the string
I'd be a silly so and so
If I should ever let it go
You didn't go, don't you know, you can never let go Got the world on a string
Sittin on a rainbow
Got the string around my finger
What a world, what a life, I'm in love Life's a wonderful thing
Life is a wonderful thing 
Long as I hang on to the string
I'd be a silly so and so
I'd be a silly so and so 
If I should ever let it go
Let go, let it go I've got the world on a string
And I've sitting on a rainbow 
Got that string around my finger
What a world
What a world 
There ain't no other world like
There ain't no public life 
Hey no If they ask me, I could write a book
About the way you walk and whisper and look
I could write a preface on how we met
So the world would never forget And the simple secret of the plot
Is just to tell them that I love you, a lot
Then the world discovers as my book ends
How to make two lovers of friends If they ask me, I could write a book
About the way you walk and whisper and look
I could write a preface on how we met
So the world would never forget, never, never forget And the simple secret of the plot
Is just to tell them that I love you, allot
Then the world discovers as my book ends
How to make two lovers of friends Where are you
Where have you gone without me
I thought you cared about me
Where are you
Where's my heart
Where is the dream we started
I can't believe we're parted
Where are you
When we said good-bye love
What had we to gain
When I gave you my love
Was it all in vain
All life through
Must I go on pretending
Where is my happy ending
Where are you
When we said good-bye love
What had we to gain
When I gave you my love
Was it all in vain
All life through
Must I go on pretending
Where is that happy ending
Where are you
Where are you I stand at your gate,
and the song that I sing is of moonlight.
I stand, and I wait
for the touch of your hand in the June night.
The roses are sighing
a moonlight serenade. The stars are aglow,
and tonight, how their light sets me dreaming.
My love, do you know
that your eyes are like stars brightly beaming?
I bring you, and I sing you
a moonlight serenade. Let us stay till break of day
in love's valley of dreams.
Just you and I, a summer sky,
a heavenly breeze, kiss in the trees. So don't let me wait
come to me tenderly in the June night.
I stand at your gate
and I sing you a song in the moonlight.
A love song, my darling
a moonlight serenade. Isn't she lovely, isn't she wonderful?
Isn't she precious, less than one minute old,
I never thought through love you'll be
Making love as lovely as she.
Isn't she lovely, and she's made it from love.
Isn't she pretty, she's so pretty, truly the angel best,
For I am so happy, I'm so happy, we have been heaven blest,
I can't believe what God has done,
To you, He has given life to one,
Isn't she lovely, and she's made it from love.
Isn't she lovely, she's so lovely, life and love are the same.
Life is Aida, Aida, the meaning of her name.
Candies good have not been done.
Without you she'll be the one.
Oh so very lovely, isn't she pretty? isn't she pretty?
Isn't she lovely, yes, she is made from love. Must you dance every dance
With the same fortunate man?
You have danced with him since the music began
Won't you change partners and dance with me?
Must you dance quite so close
With your lips touching his face?
Can't you see I'm longing to be in his place?
Won't you change partners and dance with me?
Ask him to sit this one out
While you're alone
I'll tell the waiter to tell him
He's wanted on the telephone
You've been locked in his arms
Ever since heaven knows when
Won't you change partners and then
You may never want to change partners again The song a robin sings
Through years of endless springs
The murmur of a brook at eventide
That ripples by a nook where two lovers hide A great symphonic theme
That's Stella by Starlight
And not a dream
My heart and I agree
She's everything on Earth to me A great symphonic theme
That's Stella by Starlight
And not a dream
My heart and I agree
She's everything on Earth to me Listen, big boy,
Now that you got me made,
Goodness, but I'm afraid,
Somethin's gonna happen to you!
Listen, big boy,
You gotta be hooked, and how,
I would die if I should lose you now! Button up your overcoat,
When the wind is free,
Take good care of yourself,
You belong to me! Eat an apple every day,
Get to bed by three,
Oh, take good care of yourself,
You belong to me! Be careful crossing streets, ooh-ooh,
Cut out sweets, ooh-ooh,
Lay off meat, ooh-ooh,
You'll get a pain and ruin your tum-tum! Wear your flannel underwear,
When you climb a tree,
Oh, take good care of yourself,
You belong to me! Button up your overcoat,
When the wind is free,
Oh, take good care of yourself,
You belong to me!
Boop-boop-a-doop! When you sass a traffic cop,
Use diplomacy;
Just take good care of yourself,
You belong to me! Beware of frozen funds, ooh-ooh,
Stocks and bonds, ooh-ooh,
Dockside thugs, ooh-ooh,
You'll get a pain and ruin your bankroll! Keep the spoon out of your cup,
When you're drinking tea,
Oh, take good care of yourself,
You belong to me! Don't sit on hornet's tails, ooh-ooh!
Or on nails, ooh-ooh!
Or third rails, ooh-ooh!
You'll get a pain and ruin your tum-tum! Keep away from bootleg hooch
When you're on a spree,
Oh, take good care of yourself,
You belong to me! I get no kick from champagne,
Mere alcohol,
It doesn't move me at all,
So tell me why should it be true,
That I get a kick out of you. Some like the boptype refrain,
I'm sure that if,
I heard even one riff,
It would bore me terrifically, too,
Yet I get a kick out of you. I get a kick every time I see you standing there before me,
I get a kick though it's clear to me,
You obviously don't adore me. I get no kick in a plane,
Flying too high,
With some gal in the sky,
Is my idea of nothing to do,
Yet I get a kick out of you. I get a kick every time I see you standing there before me,
I get a kick though it's clear to me,
You obviously do not adore me. I get no kick in a plane,
Flying too high with some gal in the sky,
Is my idea of nothing to do,
Yet I get a kick yes
I get a kick yes
I get a kick, out of you. 
Three coins in the fountain
Each one seeking happiness
Thrown by three hopeful lovers
Which one will the fountain bless? Three hearts in a fountain
Each heart longing for its home
There they lie in the fountain
Somewhere in the heart of Rome Which one will the fountain bless?
Which one will the fountain bless? Three coins in the fountain
Through the ripples how they shine
Just one wish will be granted
One heart will wear a valentine Make it mine, make it mine, make it mine Three coins in the fountain
Through the ripples how they shine
And just one wish will be granted
One heart will wear a valentine Make it mine, make it mine, make it mine 
Fly me to the moon
Let me play among the stars
Let me see what spring is like
On a-Jupiter and Mars
In other words, hold my hand
In other words, darling, kiss me Fill my heart with song
And let me sing for ever more
You are all I long for
All I worship and adore
In other words, please be true
In other words, I love you Fill my heart with song
Let me sing for ever more
You are all I long for
All I worship and adore
In other words, please be true
In other words, in other words
I love, you
So close your eyes
For thats a lovely way to be
Aware of things your heart alone was meant to see
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together You can't deny don't try to fight the rising sea
Don't fight the moon, the stars above and don't fight me
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together When I saw you first the time was halfpast three
When your eyes met mine it was eternity By now we know the wave is on its way to be
Just catch that wave don't be afraid of loving me
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together When I saw you first the time was halfpast three
When your eyes met mine it was eternity By now we know the wave is on its way to be
Just catch that wave don't be afraid of loving me
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?
Just cast an eye in her direction
Oh me, oh my, ain't that perfection?
Oh, I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?
Just cast an eye in her direction
Oh me, oh my, ain't that perfection?
Oh, I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice? More than the greatest love the world has known,
This is the love I give to you alone,
More than the simple words I try to say,
I only live to love you more each day.
More than you'll ever know, my arms long to hold you so,
My life will be in your keeping, waking, sleeping, laughing, weeping,
Longer than always is a long long time, but far beyond forever you're gonna be mine.
I know I've never lived before and my heart is very sure,
No one else could love you more.
More than you'll ever know, my arms they long to hold you so,
My life will be in your keeping, waking, sleeping, laughing, weeping,
Longer than always is a long long time, but far beyond forever you'll be mine,
I know that I've never lived before and my heart is very sure,
No one else could love you more, no one else could love you more. Granada, I'm falling under your spell,
And if you could speak, what a fascinating tale you would tell.
Of an age the world has long forgotten,
Of an age that weaves a silent magic in Granada today.
The dawn in the sky greets the day with a sigh for Granada.
For she can remember the splendor that once was Granada.
It still can be found in the hills all around as I wander along,
Entranced by the beauty before me,
Entranced by a land full of flowers and song.
When day is done and the sun touch the sea in Granada,
I envy the blush of the snow-clad Tierra Novada,
Soon it will welcome the stars
While a thousand guitars play a soft Carbinera.
Then moonlit Granada will live again,
The glory of yesterday, romantic and gay.
And soon it will welcome the stars
While a thousand guitars play a soft Carbinera.
Then moonlit Granada will live again,
The glory of yesterday, romantic, gay Granada. And these are the Spanish lyrics as sung by Placido Domingo: Granada, tierra soñada por mi
Mi cantar se vuelve gitano cuando es para ti
Mi cantar, hecho de fantasia
Mi cantar, flor de melancolia
Que yo te vengo a dar Granada, Manola cantada en coplas preciosas
No tengo otra cosa que darte que un ramo de rosas
De sueño rebelde y gitano cubierta de flores
Y beso tu boca de grana jugosa manzana
Que me habla de amores Granada, tierra ensangrentada en tardes de toros
Mujer que conserva el embrujo de tus ojos moros
De rosas de suave fragancia
Que le dieran marco a la Virgen morena Granada, tu tierra esta llena
De lindas mujeres, de sangre y de sol De rosas de suave fragancia
Que le dieran marco a la Virgen morena
Granada, tu tierra esta llena
De lindas mujeres, de sangre y de sol I'll never smile again
Until I smile at you
I'll never laugh again
What good would it do
For tears would fill my eyes
My heart would realize
That our romance is through
I'll never love again
I'm so in love with you
I'll never thrill again
To somebody new
Within my heart
I know I will never start
To smile again
Until I smile at you
Within my heart
I know I will never start
To smile again
Until I smile at you
Laura is the face in the misty light
Footsteps that you hear down the hall
The LAUGH that floats on a summer night
That you can never quite recall
And you see Laura on a train that is passing through
Those eyes how familiar they seem
She gave your very first kiss to you
That was Laura but she's only a dream She gave your very first kiss to you
That was Laura
But she's only a dream Lately, I find myself gazing at stars, hearing guitars like someone in love.
Sometimes the things I do astound me, mostly whenever you're around me.
Lately I seem to walk as though I had wings, bump into things like someone in love.
Each time I look at you, I'm limp as a glove, and feeling like someone in love. Pennies in a stream
Falling leaves the sycamore
Moonlight in Vermont
Icy finger waves
Ski trails down the mountain side
Snow light in Vermont
Telegraph cables, they sing down the highway
And travel each bend and the road
People who meet in this romantic setting
Are so hypnotized by the lovely
Evening summer breeze
Evening summer breeze
Warbling of the meadowlark
The sweet warbling of the meadowlark
Moonlight in Vermont
Icy finger waves
Ski trails on a mountain side
Snow light in Vermont
Telegraph cables, how they sing down the highway
As they make every bend in the road
People who meet, in this romantic setting
Are so hypnotized by the lovely
Evening summer breeze
Evening summer breeze
The sweet warbling of the meadowlark
Moonlight in Vermont, snow light in Vermont
Moonlight in Vermont
Evening and moonlight in Vermont When you're awake the things you think
Come from the dream you dream
Thought has wings, and lots of things
Are seldom what they seem Sometimes you think you've lived before
All that you live today
Things you do come back to you
As though they knew the way Oh the tricks your mind can play It seems we stood and talked like this, before
We looked at each other in the same way then
But I can't remember where or when The clothes you are wearing are the clothes you wore
The smile you are smiling you were smiling then
But I can't remember where or when Some things that happened for the first time
Seem to be happening again And so it seems that we have met before
And laughed before, and loved before
But who knows where or when. Love and marriage, love and marriage
They go together like a horse and carriage
This I'll tell you brother
You can't have one without the other Love and marriage, love and marriage
It's an institute you can't disparage
Ask the local gentry
And they will say it's elementary Try, try, try to separate them
It's an illusion
Try, try, try, and you will only come
To this conclusion Love and marriage, love and marriage
They go together like a horse and carriage
Dad was told by mother
You can't have one without the other Try, try, try to separate them
It's an illusion
Try, try, try, and you will only come
To this conclusion Love and marriage, love and marriage
They go together like a horse and carriage
Dad was told by mother
You can't have one without the other Well, the south side of Chicago
Is the baddest part of town
And if you go down there, you better just beware
Of a man named a Leroy Brown Now Leroy was in trouble
He stood about six feet four
All the downtown ladies call him Treetop lover
All the studs they call him Sir And he's bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog Now Leroy he's a gambler
And he likes his fancy clothes
He likes to wave his diamond rings
In front of everybody's nose He's got a custom Continental
He's got an El Dorado too
He's got a 32 gun in his pocket for fun
He's got a razor in his shoe Yeah, he's bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And he's meaner than a junkyard dog Well, Friday bout a week ago
Leroy shootin dice
And at the edge of the bar, sat a lady named Dorris
And hmm, she sure looked nice Well, he layed his eyes upon her
And the trouble soon began
And Leroy Brown, he learned a lesson bout messin
With the wife of a jealous man Yeah, he's bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog He's bad, he's bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
Meaner than a junkyard dog Badder than old King Kong
Badder than a junkyard dog Like the folks you meet on
Like to plant my feet on the Brooklyn Bridge
What a lovely view from
Heaven looks at you from the Brooklyn Bridge I love to listen to the wind through her strings
The song that she sings for the town
I love to look up at the clouds in her hair
She's learned to wear like a crown If you've been a rover
Journey's end lies over the Brooklyn Bridge
Don't let no one tell you
I've been tryin to sell you the Brooklyn Bridge All the folks in Manhattan are sad
cause they look at her and wish they had
The good old Brooklyn Bridge If you've been a rover
Journey's end lies over the Brooklyn Bridge
Don't let no one tell you
I've been tryin to sell you the Brooklyn Bridge You'll miss her most when you roam
cause you'll think of her and think of home
The good old Brooklyn Bridge Your love is rain, my heart the flower, I need your love or I will die
My very life is your power, will I wither and fade or bloom to the sky
Agua de Beber, Give the flower water to drink
Agua de Beber, Give the flower water to drink
The rain can fall on distant deserts, the rain can fall upon the sea
The rain can fall upon the flower, since the rain has to fall let it fall on me
Agua de Beber, Give the flower water to drink
Agua de Beber, Give the flower water to drink You make me feel so young.
You make me feel as though spring has sprung.
And every time I see you grin,
I'm such a happy individual. The moment that you speak,
I want to go and play hide and seek.
I wanna go and bounce the moon,
Just like a toy balloon. You and I
Are just like a couple of tots,
Running across a meadow
Pickin up lots of forget-me-nots. You make me feel so young.
You make me feel there are songs to be sung,
Bells to be rung,
And a wonderful fling to be flung. And even when I'm old and gray,
I'm going to feel the way I do today
Because you make me feel so young. You make me feel so young.
You make me feel as though spring has sprung.
And every time I see you grin,
I'm such a happy individual. The moment that you speak,
I want to go and play hide and seek.
I wanna go and bounce the moon,
Just like a toy balloon. You and I
Are just like a couple of tots,
Running across a meadow
Pickin up lots of forget-me-nots. You make me feel so young.
You make me feel there are songs to be sung,
Bells to be rung,
And a wonderful fling to be flung. And even when I'm old and gray,
I'm going to feel the way I do today
Because you make me feel so young. Chicago, Chicago that toddling town
Chicago, Chicago I will show you around - I love it
Bet your bottom dollar you lose the blues in Chicago, Chicago
The town that Billy Sunday couldn't shut down On State Street, that great street, I just want to say
They do things they don't do on Broadway
They have the time, the time of their life
I saw a man, he danced with his wife
In Chicago, Chicago my home town Chicago, Chicago that toddlin town
Chicago, Chicago I'll show you around - I love it
Bet your bottom dollar you lose the blues in Chicago, Chicago
The town that Billy Sunday could not shut down On State Street, that great street, I just want to say
They do things that they never do on Broadway -- say
They have the time, the time of their life
I saw a man and he danced with his wife
In Chicago, Chicago, Chicago -- that's my home town Once upon a time
A girl with moonlight in her eyes
Put her hand in mine
And said she loved me so
But that was once upon a time
Very long ago Once upon a hill
We sat beneath a willow tree
Counting all the stars and waiting for the dawn
But that was once upon a time
Now the tree is gone How the breeze ruffled through her hair
How we always laughed as though tomorrow wasn't there
We were young and didn't have a care
Where did it go Once upon a time
The world was sweeter than we knew
Everything was ours
How happy we were then
But somehow once upon a time
Never comes again Once upon a time
Never comes again If I don't see her each day, I miss her
Gee what a thrill, each time I kiss her
Believe me, I've got a case
On Nancy, with the laughing face She takes the winter and she makes it summer
And summer could take a few lessons from her
Picture a tomboy in lace
That's Nancy with the laughing face Have you ever heard mission bells ringing
Well she'll give you the very same glow
When she speaks you would think it was singing
Just hear her say hello I swear to goodness, you can't resist her
Sorry for you she has no sister
No angel could replace
Nancy, with the laughing face For once in my life
I have someone who needs me
someone I've needed so long For once I'm afraid I can go where life leads me
and somehow know I'll be strong For once I can touch what my heart used to dream of
long before I knew, someone warm like you
would make my dreams come true For once in my life I won't let sorrow hurt me
not like it's hurt me before For once I have something I know won't desert me
and I'm not alone anymore For once I can say; this is mine you won't take it
Long as I know I have love I can make it
For once my life I have someone who needs me - Instrumental break - For once I can say; this is mine you can't take it
Long as I know I got love I can make it
For once in my life I've got someone
Yeah, for once in my life I found someone
For once in my life, I've got someone
who needs me It's very nice to go traveling
To Paris, London and Rome
It's oh, so nice to go traveling
But it's so much nicer
Yes, it's so much nicer to come home It's very nice to just wander
The camel route to Iraq
It's oh, so nice to just wander
But it's so much nicer
Yes, it's oh so nice to wander back The mamselles and frauleins and the senoritas are sweet
But they can't compete cause they just don't have
What the models have on Madison Ave It's very nice to be footloose
With just a toothbrush and comb
It's oh so nice to be footloose
But your heart starts singin
When you're homeward wingin across the foam And you know your fate is
Where the Empire State is
All you contemplate is
The view from Miss Liberty's dome
It's very nice to go traveling
But it's oh so nice to come home You will find the madchen and the gay muchachas are rare
But they can't compare with that sexy line
That parades each day at Sunset and Vine It's quite the life to play gypsy
And roam as gypsies will roam
It's quite the life to play gypsy
But your heart starts singin
When you're homeward wingin across the foam And the Hudson River
Makes you start to quiver
Like the latest flivver
That's simply drippin with chrome
It's very nice to go traveling
But it's oh so nice to come home No more customs
Burn the passport
No more packing and unpacking
Light the home fires
Get my slippers
Make a pizza 

Hold me close and hold me fast
The magic spell you cast
This is la vie en rose
When you kiss me heaven sighs
And though I close my eyes
I see la vie en rose
When you press me to your heart
I'm in a world apart
A world where roses bloom
And when you speak
Angels sing from above
Everyday words seem
To turn into love songs
Give your heart and soul to me
And life will always be
La vie en rose If you ever go across the sea to Ireland,
Then maybe at the closing of your day;
You will sit and watch the moonrise over Claddagh,
And see the sun go down on Galway Bay,
Just to hear again the ripple of the trout stream,
The women in the meadows making hay;
And to sit beside a turf fire in the cabin,
And watch the barefoot gossoons at their play,
For the breezes blowing over the seas from Ireland,
Are perfum'd by the heather as they blow;
And the women in the uplands diggin praties,
Speak a language that the strangers do not know,
For the strangers came and tried to teach their way,
They scorn'd us just for being what we are; 
But they might as well go chasing after moonbeams,
Or light a penny candle from a star.
And if there is going to be a life hereafter,
And somehow I am sure there's going to be;
I will ask my God to let me make my heaven,
In that dear land across the Irish sea. Would you like to swing on a star
Carry moonbeams home in a jar
And be better off than you are
Or would you rather be a mule? A mule is an animal with long funny ears
Kicks up at anything he hears
His back is brawny but his brain is weak
He's just plain stupid with a stubborn streak And by the way, if you hate to go to school
You may grow up to be a mule Or would you like to swing on a star
Carry moonbeams home in a jar
And be better off than you are
Or would you rather be a pig? A pig is an animal with dirt on his face
His shoes are a terrible disgrace
He has no manners when he eats his food
He's fat n lazy and extremely rude But if you don't care a feather or a fig
You may grow up to be a pig Or would you like to swing on a star
Carry moonbeams home in a jar
And be better off than you are
Or would you rather be a fish? A fish won't do anything, but swim in a brook
He can't write his name or read a book
To fool the people is his only thought
And though he's slippery, he still gets caught But then if that sort of life is what you wish
You may grow up to be a fish
A new kind of jumped-up slippery fish And all the monkeys aren't in the zoo
Everyday you'll meet quite a few
So you see it's all up to you
You can be better than you are
You could be swingin on a star 
Suntanned
Windblown
Honeymooners at last alone.
Feeling far above par.
Oh, how lucky we are!
While I give to you
And you give to me,
True love, true love.
So on and on
It'll always be,
True love, true love.
For you and I
Have a guardian angel
On high, with nothin to do.
But to give to you
And to give to me,
Love forever true. For you and I
Have a guardian angel
On high, with nothing to do.
But to give to you
And to give to me,
Love forever true.
Love forever true. There's a tear in your eye,
And I'm wondering why,
For it never should be there at all.
With such pow'r in your smile,
Sure a stone you'd beguile,
So there's never a teardrop should fall.
When your sweet lilting laughter's
Like some fairy song,
And your eyes twinkle bright as can be;
You should laugh all the while
And all other times smile,
And now, smile a smile for me. When Irish eyes are smiling,
Sure, tis like the morn in Spring.
In the lilt of Irish laughter
You can hear the angels sing.
When Irish hearts are happy,
All the world seems bright and gay.
And when Irish eyes are smiling,
Sure, they steal your heart away. For your smile is a part
Of the love in your heart,
And it makes even sunshine more bright.
Like the linnet's sweet song,
Crooning all the day long,
Comes your laughter and light.
For the springtime of life Is the sweetest of all
There is never a real care or regret;
And while springtime is ours
Throughout all of youth's hours,
Let us smile each chance we get. Mele Kalikimaka is the thing to say
On a bright Hawaiian Christmas Day
That's the island greeting that we send to you
From the land where palm trees sway
Here we know that Christmas will be green and bright
The sun to shine by day, and all the stars at night
Mele Kalikimaka is Hawaii's way to say Merry Christmas to you
Mele Kalikimaka is the thing to say On a bright Hawaiian Christmas day
That's the island greeting that we send to you
From the land where palm trees sway
Here we know that Christmas will be green and bright
the sun to shine by day and all the stars at night
mele kalikimaka is hawaii's way to say merry cristmas to you
Here we know that Christmas will be green and bright
The sun to shine by day and all the stars at night Mele Kalikimaka is Hawaii's way
To say Merry Christmas
very merry cristmas
a super super merry merry cristmas to you When I'm worried and I can't sleep
I count my blessings instead of sheep
And I fall asleep counting my blessings
When my bankroll is getting small
I think of when I had none at all
And I fall asleep counting my blessings I think about a nursery and I picture curly heads
And one by one I count them as they slumber in their beds
If you're worried and you can't sleep
Just count your blessings instead of sheep
And you'll fall asleep counting your blessings I think about a nursery and I picture curly heads
And one by one I count them as they slumber in their beds
If you're worried and you can't sleep
Just count your blessings instead of sheep
And you'll fall asleep counting your blessings To the tables down at Mory's
To the place where Louie dwells
To the dear old Temple bar we love so well
Sing the Whiffenpoofs assembled with their glasses raised on high
And the magic of their singing casts its spell Yes, the magic of their singing of the songs we love so well
Shall I Wasting and Mavourneen and the rest
We will serenade our Louie while life and voice shall last
Then we'll pass and be forgotten with the rest We're poor little lambs who have lost our way
Baa, baa, baa
We're little black sheep who have gone astray
Baa, baa, baa Gentleman songsters off on a spree
Doomed from here to eternity
Lord have mercy on such as we
Baa, baa, baa A long time ago A million years BC The best things in life Were absolutely free
But no one appreciated a sky that was always blue
So it was planned that they should vanish now and then That's what storms were made for
Every time it rains, it rains, pennies from heaven
Don't you know each cloud contains pennies from heaven? You'll find your fortune's fallin all over the town Make sure that your umbrella is upside down
Trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers
If you want the things you love, you must have showers
So, when you hear it thunder, don't run under a tree
There'll be pennies from heaven for you and me
Every time it rains, it rains pennies from heaven
Don't you know each cloud contains pennies from heaven?
You'll find your fortune's fallin all over the town
Make sure that your umbrella is upside down
Trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers
If you want the things you love, you must have showers
So, when you hear it thunder, don't run under a tree
There'll be pennies from heaven for you and me
So take a big deep breath of the clean fresh air
Put a smile on your face be a millionaire
The streets outside
Are paved with gold
There'll be pennies from heaven for you and me They used to tell me
I was building a dream.
And so I followed the mob
When there was earth to plow
Or guns to bear
I was always there
Right on the job.
They used to tell me
I was building a dream
With peace and glory ahead.
Why should I be standing in line
Just waiting for bread? Once I built a railroad
I made it run
Made it race against time.
Once I built a railroad
Now it's done
Brother, can you spare a dime? Once I built a tower up to the sun
Brick and rivet and lime.
Once I built a tower,
Now it's done.
Brother, can you spare a dime? Once in khaki suits
Gee we looked swell
Full of that yankee doodle dee dum.
Half a million boots went sloggin through hell
And I was the kid with the drum!
Say don't you remember?
They called me Al.
It was Al all the time.
Why don't you remember?
I'm your pal.
Say buddy, can you spare a dime? Once in khaki suits,
Ah, gee we looked swell
Full of that yankee doodle dee dum!
Half a million boots went sloggin through hell
And I was the kid with the drum!
Oh, say don't you remember?
They called me Al.
It was Al all the time.
Say, don't you remember?
I'm your pal.
Buddy, can you spare a dime? You belong to my heart
Now and forever
And our love had its start
Not long ago We were gathering stars while a million guitars played our love song
When I said I love you, every beat of my heart said it, too twas a moment like this
Do you remember?
And your eyes threw a kiss
When they met mine Now we own all the stars and a million guitars are still playing
Darling, you are the song and you'll always belong to my heart twas a moment like this
Do you remember?
And your eyes threw a kiss
When they met mine Now we own all the stars and a million guitars are still playing
Darling, you are the song and you'll always belong to my heart I'll take you home again
Kathleen
Across the ocean Wild and wide
To where your heart Has ever been
Since first you were My bo-onnie bride
The roses all Have left your cheek
I watched them Fade away and die
Your voice is sad When ever you speak
And tears bedim Your loving eyes
Oh I will take you back
Kathleen
To where your heart Will feel no pain
And when the fields Are fresh and green
I-I'II take you to Your home again You must have been a beautiful baby
You must have been a wonderful child
When you were only startin
To go to kindergarten
I'll bet you drove the little boys wild And when it came to winnin blue ribbons
You must have shown the other kids how
I can see the judges eyes
As they handed you the prize
I'll bet you made the cutest bow!
Oh! you must have been a beautiful baby
Cause baby, look at you now! Does your mother
Realize
The stork delivered
Quite a prize
The day he left you
On the family tree? Does you dad
Appreciate
That you're merely
Super-great
The miracle
Of any century?
If they don't then send them both to me You must have been a beautiful baby
You must have been a wonderful child
When you were only startin
To go to kindergarten
I'll bet you drove the little boys wild And when it came to winnin blue ribbons
You must have shown the other kids how
I can see the judges eyes
As they handed you the prize
I'll bet you made the cutest bow!
Oh! you must have been a beautiful baby
Cause baby, look at you now! I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the treetops glisten
And children listen
To hear sleigh bells in the snow I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white
duet
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
just like the ones I used to know
where the treetops glisten
and children listen to hear sleigh bells in the snow
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases, be, white
Happy Holiday
Happy holiday, While the merry bells keep ringing
May your every wish come true Happy holiday, happy holiday
May the calendar keep bringing
Happy holidays to you If your burdened down with trouble
If your nerves a wearing thin
Park your load down the road
And come to Holiday Inn If the traffic noise affects you
Like a squeaky violin
Kick your cares down the stairs
Come to Holiday Inn If you can't find someone who
Will set your heart a-whirl
Take your car and motor to
The home of boy meets girl If you're laid-up with a breakdown
Throw away your vitamin
Don't get worse, grab your nurse
And come to Holiday Inn Happy holiday, happy holiday
While the merry bells are ringin
May your every wish come true Happy holiday, happy holiday
May the calendar keep bringin
Happy holidays to you Happy holiday, happy holiday
While the merry bells keep ringin
May your every wish come true Happy holiday, happy holiday
May the calendar keep bringin
Happy holidays to you. You got to accentuate the positive
Eliminate the negative
Latch on to the affirmative
Don't mess with Mister In-between You got to spread joy up to the maximum
Bring gloom down to the minimum
Have faith or pandemonium
Liable to walk upon the scene To illustrate his last remark
Jonah in the whale, Noah in the Ark
What did they do just when everything looked so dark? Man, they said, we better
Accentuate the positive
Eliminate the negative
Latch on to the affirmative,
Don't mess with Mister In-between
No, do not mess with Mister In-between
Do you hear me, hm? Oh, listen to me chil'ren and-a you will hear
About the eliminatin of the negative and the accent on the positive
And gather round me chil'ren, if you're willin, and sit tight
While I start reviewin the attitude of doin it right You've got to accentuate the positive
Eliminate the negative
Latch on to the affirmative
Don't mess with Mister in-between You've got to spread joy
Up to the maximum
Bring gloom
Down Down to the minimum
Otherwise
Otherwise
Pandemonium liable to walk upon the scene To illustrate
Well, illustrate!
My last remark
Jo-
Jonah in the whale, Noah in the Ark
-nah in the Ark
What did they say?
What did they say?
Say when everything looked so dark? Man, they said, we better accentuate the positive
Eliminate the negative
Latch on to the affirmative
Don't mess with Mister In-between
No, don't mess with Mister In-between! In a town on the sea, by the Castle Doonee
The fairest of them all, was the maiden Eileen
The bloom on her cheek was as fresh as the dew
And her heart to a young fisher laddie was true At morn he would sail with the sun and the tide
That he would return to his promised young bride
And there on the shore, she could hear it so plain
His voice in the wind singing soft thisain Eileen, my Eileen, oh, wait for me, wait Eileen They were to be wed on a Sunday in May
And fate was a joy to see Eileen so gay
The morning before he set sail with the tide
But he never returned to his promised young bride Oh, no never more was her heart light and warm
Her lover he died, yes, he died in a storm
But down by the shore, she could still hear so plain
His voice in the wind, singing soft thisain Eileen, my Eileen, oh, wait for me, wait Eileen They say that her heart it was broken in two
The lovely Eileen, ah, so young and so true
And down by the shore they who loved her the best
By the rock where she waited, they laid her to rest Oh, many the years that have past since that day
But maidens who wait for their lovers they say
But still on the shore they can hear it so plain
His ghost in the wind singing soft thisain Eileen, my Eileen, oh, wait for me, wait Eileen When Madam Pompadour broke up ballroom floor
Said all the gentlemen Obviously,
The madam has the cutest personality
And think of all the books about Du Barry's looks
What was it made her the toast of Paree?
She had a well-developed personality
What did Romeo see in Juliet?
Or Figaro in Figarette?
Or Jupiter in Juno?
You know!
And when Salome danced and had the boys entranced
No doubt it must have been easy to see
That she knew how to use her personality
A girl can learn to spell and take dictation well
And never sit on the boss's left knee
Unless she's got a perfect personality
A girl can get somewhere in spite of stringy hair
Or even just a bit bowed at the knee
If she can show a faultless personality
Why are certain girls offered certain things
Like sable coats and wedding rings?
By men who wear their spats right?
That's right!
So dontcha say I'm smart and have the kindest heart
Or what a wonderful sister I'd be
Just tell me how you like my
Rufff!
Personality
Baby, you've got the cutest
Personality! I really can't stay
But baby it's cold outside
I've got to go away
But baby it's cold outside. This evening has been
Been hoping that you'd drop in
So very nice
I'll hold your hands, they're just like ice. My mother will start to worry
Beautiful what's your hurry
My father will be pacing the floor
Listen to the fireplace roar. So really I'd better scurry
Beautiful please don't hurry
But maybe just a half a drink more
Put some records on while I pour. The neighbors might faint
Baby it's bad out there
Say what's in this drink
No cabs to be had out there. I wish I knew how
Your eyes are like starlight now
To break this spell
I'll take your hat, your hair looks swell. I ought to say, No, no, no sir.
Mind if I move in closer
At least I'm gonna say that I tried
What's the sense in hurtin my pride. I really can't stay
Oh baby, don't hold out
Baby it's cold out side. I simply must go
But baby it's cold outside
The answer is no
But baby it's cold outside. Your welcome has been
How lucky that you droped in
So nice and warm
Look out the window at that storm. My sister will be suspicious
Gosh your lips look delicious
My brother will be there at the door
Waves upon the tropical shore. My maiden aunts mind is vicious
Gosh your lips are delicious
But maybe just a cigarette more
Never such a blizzard before. I've gotta get home
But baby you'd freeze out there
Say lend me a comb
It's up to your knees out there. You've really been grand
I thrill when you touch my hand
But don't you see?
How can you do this thing to me? There's bound to be talk tomorrow
Think of my lifelong sorrow
At least there will be plenty implied
If you got pneumonia and died. I really can't stay
Get over that old out.
Baby it's cold
Baby it's cold outside, Now is the hour
When we must say goodbye.
Soon you'll be sailing
Far across the sea. While you're away
Oh, then, remember me.
When you return
You'll find me waiting here. Sunset glow fades in the west.
Night over the valley is creeping.
Birds cuddle down in their nest
Soon all the world will be sleeping. Now is the hour
When we must goodbye.
Soon you'll be sailing
Far across the sea. While you're away
Oh, then, remember me.
When you return
You'll find me waiting here. Yes, it's a good day for singing a song
And it's a good day for moving alone
Yes, it's a good day, how can anything be wrong
A good day from morning till night
It's a good day for shining your shoes
Yes, it's a good day for losing the blues
Everything to gain and nothing to lose
A good day from morning till night
I said to the Sun
Good morning sun, rise and shine today
You gotta get going if you're gonna make a showin
And you got to right away
Cause it's a good day for paying your bills
And it's a good day for curing your ills
So take a deep breath and throw away the pills
Cause it's a good day from morning till night
I said to the Sun
Good morning sun, rise and shine today
You know you gotta get going if you're gonna make a showin
And you got to right away
Cause it's a good day for curing your ills
And it's a good day for paying your bills
So take a deep breath and throw away the pills
Cause it's a good day from morning till night
Yes, it's a good day from morning till night
A good day from morning till night
A good day from morning till night Fore Straight down the middle
It went straight down the middle
Then it started to hook just a wee, wee bit
That's when my caddie lost sight of it
That little white pellet has never been found to this day
But it went straight down the middle like they say Whack down the fairway
It went smack down the fairway
Then it started to slice just a smidge off line
It headed for two then it bounced off nine
My caddie says long as you're still in the state, you're okay
Yes, it went straight down the middle quite a ways The sun was never brighter
The greens were never greener
And I was never keener to play
I heard it came down the middle
It went zing down the middle Oh, the life of a golfer is not all gloom
There's always the lies in the locker room
And I'm in my glory when wrapped in a towel I say
That it went straight down the middle today Oh, the life of a golfer is not all gloom
Though they should charge just for listening in the locker room
But I'm in my glory when wrapped in a towel I say
That it went straight down the middle
Where it wound up is a riddle
But it went straight down the middle far away I'll be seeing you in all the old familiar places
That this heart of mine embraces all day through
In that small café, the park across the way
The children's carousel, the chestnut trees, the wishing well I'll be seeing you in every lovely summer's day
In everything that's light and gay
I'll always think of you that way I'll find you in the mornin sun
And when the night is new
I'll be looking at the moon
But I'll be seeing you I'll find you in the mornin sun
And when the night is new
I'll be looking at the moon
But I'll be seeing you It seems like only yesterday
I sailed from out of Cork
A wanderer from Erin's isle
I landed in New York
There wasn't a soul to greet me there
A stranger on your shore
But Irish luck was with me here
And riches came galore
And now that I'm going back again
To dear old Erin's isle
My friends will meet me on the pier
And greet me with a smile
Their faces, sure, I've almost forgot
I've been so long away
But me mother will introduce them all
And this to me will say Shake hands with your Uncle Mike, me boy
And here is your sister, Kate
And there's the girl you used to swing
Down by the garden gate
Shake hands with all of the neighbours
And kiss the colleens all
You're as welcome as the flowers in May
To dear old Donnegal They'll give a party when I go home
They'll come from near and far
They'll line the roads for miles and miles
With Irish jauntin cars
The spirits'll flow and we'll be gay
We'll fill your hearts with joy
The piper'll play an Irish reel
To greet the Yankee boy
We'll dance and sing the whole night long
Such fun as never seen
The lads'll be decked in corduroy
The colleens wearin green
There'll be thousands there that I never saw
I've been so long away
But me mother will introduce them all
And this to me will say Shake hands with your Uncle Mike, me boy
And here is your sister, Kate
And there's the girl you used to swing
Down by the garden gate
Shake hands with all of the neighbours
And kiss the colleens all
You're as welcome as the flowers in May
To dear old Donnegal Meet Branigan, Fannigan, Milligan, Gilligan
Duffy, McCuffy, Malachy, Mahone
Rafferty, Lafferty, Donnelly, Connelly
Dooley, O'Hooley, Muldowney, Malone
Madigan, Cadigan, Lanihan, Flanihan
Fagan, O'Hagan, O'Hoolihan, Flynn
Shanihan, Manihan, Fogarty, Hogarty
Kelly, O'Kelly, McGuinness, McGuinn Shake hands with your Uncle Mike, me boy
And here is your sister, Kate
And there's the girl you used to swing
Down by the garden gate
Shake hands with all of the neighbours
And kiss the colleens all
You're as welcome as the flowers in May
To dear old Donnegal An American landed on Erin's green isle
He gazed at Killarney with rapturous smile
How can I buy it?, he said to his guide
I'll tell you how, with a smile he replied How can you buy all the stars in the skies?
How can you buy two blue Irish eyes?
How can you purchase a fond mother's sighs?
How can you buy Killarney? Nature bestowed all her gifts with a smile
The emerald, the shamrock, the Blarney
When you can buy all these wonderful things
Then you can buy Killarney Such a wonderful landscape you never have seen
A jewel so rare twould befit any queen
Pride of old Erin, a joy to behold
Heaven on earth, far more precious than gold How can you buy all the stars in the skies?
How can you buy two blue Irish eyes?
How can you purchase a fond mother's sighs?
How can you buy Killarney? Nature bestowed all her gifts with a smile
The emerald, the shamrock and the Blarney
When you can buy all these wonderful things
Then you can buy Killarney
Then you can buy Killarney Dinah
Is there anyone finer
In the state of Carolina?
If there is and you know her
Show her to me.
Dinah
Got those Dixie eyes blazin
How I love to sit and gazin
To the eyes of Dinah Lee.
Every night why do I
Shake with fright?
Cause my Dinah might
Change her mind about me.
Oh, Dinah
Should you wander to China
I would hop an ocean liner
Just to be with Dinah Lee. Mills
Bing scats. Every night why do I
Shake with fright?
Cause my Dinah might
Change her mind about me. The name of this song is Dinah.
Said it.
The name of this song is Dinah.
Snag it.
The name of this song is Dinah.
Ah, Tell it.
The name of this song is Dinah. Dinah
wander to China,
the state of Carolina
Listen, and you know her
I would like to have you show her to me.
Dinah
Got those Dixie eyes blazin
How I love to sit and gazin
To the eyes of Dinah Lee. Oh, Dinah
Should you wander to China
I would get me an ocean liner
Just to be with Dinah Lee.
Faith of our fathers, living still,
In spite of dungeon, fire and sword;
O how our hearts beat high with joy
Whenever we hear that glorious Word! Faith of our fathers, holy faith!
We will be true to thee till death. Our fathers, chained in prisons dark,
Were still in heart and conscience free
How sweet would be their children's fate
If they, like them, could die for thee Faith of our fathers, holy faith!
We will be true to thee till death. Faith of our fathers, we will love
Both friend and foe in all our strife;
And preach Thee, too, as love knows how
By kindly words and virtuous life. Faith of our fathers, holy faith!
We will be true to thee till death Where the blue of the night
Meets the gold of the day
Someone waits for me And the gold of her hair
Crowns the blue of her eyes
Like a halo, tenderly If only I could see her
Oh how happy I would be Where the blue of the night
Meets the gold of the day
Someone waits for me 
Where the blue of the night
Meets the gold of the day
Someone waits for me The moon belongs to everyone, The best things in life are free.
The stars belong to everyone, They gleam there for you and me.
The flowers in spring, the robins that sing, The moonbeams that shine, they're yours, they're mine.
And love can come to everyone, The best things in life are free. Intro: Well you know Dasher and Dancer
And Prancer and Vixen
Comet and Cupid
And Donner and Blitzen
But do you recall
The most famous reindeer of all? Talking about
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Had a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it
Would you would even say it glows.
All of the other reindeers
Used to laugh and call him names
They never let poor Rudolph
Join in any reindeer games.
Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say:
Rudolph with your nose so bright, Won't you guide my sleigh tonight.
Then how the reindeer loved him
And they shouted out with glee:
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, You'll go down in history!
I'm Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
I got a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it
Would you would even say it glows - like a rose
All of the other reindeers
Used to laugh and call me names
They never let poor Rudolph
Join in any reindeer games
Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say:
Rudolph with your nose so bright, Won't you guide my sleigh tonight.
Then how the reindeer loved me
As they shouted out with glee:
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, You'll go down in history!
I know Dasher
I know Dancer
I know Prancer
I know Vixen
I know Comet
I know Cupid
I know Donner
I know something
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer 
Na na na na
Na na na na na na
Na na na na
Na na na na na na
Thank you for the times you said don't make a sound
Thanks for the ropes you used to hold us down
Cause when I break through I'm a use them to reach the clouds
We ain't comin down Come on
We ain't comin down Hey
Look, ma, I finally made it
This world is too damn jaded
My life is just like Vegas
Go big, go home get faded
Been a prob since 92
Can't shut me down curfew
And them girls I'll take a few
Do what I wanna do
We are the ones
The ones you left behind
Don't tell us how
Tell us how to live our lives
Ten million strong
We're breaking all the rules
Thank you for nothing
Cause there's nothing left to lose
Na na na na
Na na na na na na
Na na na na
Na na na na na na
Thank you from the bottom of my heart
From head to toe from the soul you ripped apart
I say
I say thank yooouuu
Thank you
Thank you
Yeaaaa
Yeaaaa
We are the ones
The ones you left behind
Don't tell us how
Tell us how to live our lives
Ten million strong
We're breaking all the rules
Thank you for nothing
Cause there's nothing left to lose
Yo! If you don't like what they tell you to do
Don't do it
If you don't want to be who they want you to be
Screw it!
It's your world
It's your life
And they ruined it
Role models
Tune in
Turn up
Drop out
Na na na
Na na na na na na Every time you're near a rose
Aren't you glad you've got a nose
And if the dawn is fresh with dew
Aren't you glad you're you When a meadowlark appears
Aren't you glad you've got two ears
And if your heart is singin too
Aren't you glad you're you You can see a summer sky
Or touch a friendly hand
Or taste an apple pie
Pardon the grammar, but ain't life grand And when you wake up each morn
Aren't you glad that you were born
Think what you've got the whole day through
Aren't you glad you're you 
Every time you're near a rose
Aren't you glad you've got a nose
And if the dawn is fresh with dew
Aren't you glad you're you When a meadowlark appears
Aren't you glad you've got two ears
And if your heart is singin too
Aren't you glad you're you You can see a summer sky
Or touch a friendly hand
Or taste an apple pie
Pardon the grammar, but ain't life grand And when you wake up each morn
Aren't you glad that you were born
Think what you've got the whole day through
Aren't you glad you're you Moonlight becomes you, it goes with your hair
You certainly know the right thing to wear
Moonlight becomes you, I'm thrilled at the sight
And I could get so romantic tonight You're all dressed up to go dreaming
Now don't tell me I'm wrong
And what a night to go dreaming
Mind if I tag along? If I say I love you
I want you to know
It's not just because there's moonlight
Although, moonlight becomes you so
You're all dressed up to go dreaming
Now don't tell me I'm wrong
And what a night to go dreaming
Mind if I tag along? If I say I love you
I want you to know
It's not just because there's moonlight
Although, moonlight becomes you so The Bells of St. Mary's
Ah, hear they are calling
The young loves, the true loves
Who come from the sea And so my beloved
When red leaves are falling
The love bells shall ring out, ring out
For you and me
The Bells of St. Mary's
Ah, hear they are calling
The young loves, the true loves
Who come from the sea And so my beloved
When red leaves are falling
The love bells shall ring out, ring out
For you and me When skies are cloudy and gray
They're only gray for a day
So wrap your troubles in dreams
And dream your troubles away Until that sunshine peeps through
There's only one thing to do
Just wrap your troubles in dreams
And dream all your troubles away Your castles may tumble, that's fate after all
Life's really funny that way
No use to grumble, smile as they fall
Weren't you king for a day? Just remember that sunshine
Always follows the rain
So wrap your troubles in dreams
And dream your troubles away Your castles may tumble, that's fate after all
Life's really funny that way
But no need to grumble, smile as they fall
Weren't you king for a day? Just remember that sunshine
Always follows the rain
So wrap your troubles in dreams
And dream, dream your troubles away I'll tell you why I can't find you
Every time I go out to your place, You gone fishin well how you know
Well there's a sign upon your door uh-huh
Gone fishin I'm real gone man
You ain't workin anymore could be
There's your hoe out in the sun
Where you left a row half done
You claim that hoein ain't no fun well I can prove it
You ain't got no ambition Gone fishin by a shady wady pool Shangrila, really la
I'm wishin I could be that kind of fool should I twist your arm?
I'd say no more work for mine welcome to the club
On my door I'd hang a sign
Gone fishin instead of just a-wishin Papa Bing yeah Louis
I stopped by your place a time or two lately
And you aren't home either
Well, I'm a busy man Louis. I got a lotta deals cookin
I was probably tied up at the studio
You weren't tied up you dog
You was just plain old, Gone fishin bah-boo-bah-boo-bah-boo-bah-boo-bah
There's a sign upon your door Pops, don't blab it around, will you?
Gone fishin keep it shady, I got me a big one staked out
Mmm, you ain't workin anymore I don't have to work, I got me a piece of Gary
Cows need milkin in the barn I have the twins on that detail, they each take a side
But you just don't give a darn give em four bits a cow and hand lotion
You just never seem to learn man, you taught me
You ain't got no ambition you're convincin me Gone fishin bah-boo-dah-do-dah-do-dah-do
Got your hound dog by your side that's old Cindy-Lou goin with me
Gone fishin mmm-hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm
Fleas are bitin at his hide get away from me boy, you bother me Mmm, folks won't find us now because
Mister Satch and Mister Cros
We gone fishin instead of just a-wishin
Bah-boo-baby-bah-boo-bah-bay-mmm-bo-bay
Oh yeah! Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
Too-ra-loo-ra-li
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
Hush now, don't you cry Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
Too-ra-loo-ra-li
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
That's an Irish lullaby Over in Killarney, many years ago
My mother sang a song to me in tones so soft and low
Just a simple little ditty in her good old Irish way
And I'd give the world if I could hear that song of hers today Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
Too-ra-loo-ra-li
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
Hush now, don't you cry Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
Too-ra-loo-ra-li
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
That's an Irish lullaby Sunday, Monday or Tuesday
Wednesday, Thursday or Friday
I want you near
Every day in the year Oh, won't you tell me when
We will meet again
Sunday, Monday or always If you're satisfied
I'll be at your side
Sunday, Monday or always No need to tell me now
What makes the world go round
When at the sight of you
My heart begins to pound and pound And what am I to do
Can't I be with you
Sunday, Monday or always Always and forever
I must be with you
Beginning Sunday and Monday and then forever Oh, won't you tell me when
We will meet again
Sunday, Monday or always If you're satisfied
I'll be at your side
Sunday, Monday or always No need to tell me now
What makes the world go round
When at the sight of you
My heart begins to pound, pound, pound What am I to do
Can't I be with you
Sunday, Monday or always I've met some folks who say that I'm a dreamer
And I've no doubt there's truth in what they say
But sure a body's bound to be a dreamer
When all the things he loves are far away And precious things are dreams unto an exile
They take him over the land across the sea
Especially when it happens he's an exile
From that dear lovely Isle of Innisfree And when the moonlight peeps across the rooftops
Of this great city, wondrous though it be
I scarcely feel its wonder or its laughter
I'm once again back home in Innisfree I wander over green hills through dreamy valleys
And find a peace no other land could know
I hear the birds make music fit for angels
And watch the rivers laughing as they flow But dreams don't last though dreams are not forgotten
And soon I'm back to stern reality
But though they pave the foot ways here with gold dust
I still would choose the Isle of Innisfree Silver bells, silver bells
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling ring-a-ling,
Hear them ring ting-a-ling
Soon it will be Christmas day. City sidewalks, busy sidewalks.
Dressed in holiday style
In the air there's a feeling of Christmas
Children laughing,
People passing,
Meeting smile after smile
And on every street corner you'll hear Silver bells, Silver bells Silver bells, silver bells
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling ring-a-ling,
Hear them ring hear them ring
Soon it will be Christmas day. Strings of streetlights
Even stop lights
Blink a bright red and green
As the shoppers rush
Home with their treasures Hear the snow crunch
See the kids rush
This is Santa's big day
And above all this bustle you'll hear Silver bells the corner Santa Claus,
Silver bells, it's busy now because
It's Christmas time in the city
Ring-a-ling, it fills the winter air
Hear them ring you'll hear it everywhere
Soon it will be Christmas day. City sidewalks, silver bells busy sidewalks,
Silver bells Dressed in holiday style
In the air It's Christmas time in the city
there's a feeling of Christmas
Children laughing, ring-a-ling
People passing, Hear them ring
Meeting smile after smile
Very soon it will be Christmas day. It was a lucky April shower
It was the most convenient door
I found a million dollar baby
In a five and ten cent store.
The rain continued for an hour.
I hung around for three or four.
Around a million dollar baby
In a five and ten cent store. She was selling china
And when she made those eyes,
I kept buying china
Until the crowd got wise. Incidently
If you should run into a shower,
Just step inside my cottage door,
And meet the million dollar baby
From the five and ten cent store. Love comes along like a popular song
Any time or anywhere at all.
Rain or sunshine
Spring or fall.
Say, you'll never know when it may say hello
In a very unexpected place.
For example, take my case. She was selling china
And when she made those eyes
I kept buying china
until the crowd got wise. Incidently
If you should run into a shower
Oh, step inside my cottage door
And meet my million dollar baby
From the five and ten cent store. In the cool, cool, cool of the evening
Tell em I'll be there
In the cool, cool, cool of the evening
Save your pappy a chair
When the party's getting a glow on
And singin fills the air
In the shank of the night
When the doin's are right
Well you can tell em I'll be there I like a barbecue
I like to boil a ham
And I vote for bouillabaisse stew
What's that?
I like a weenie bake, steak and a layer cake
And you'll get a tummy ache too
We'll rent a tent or a teepee
Let the town crier cry
All's well!
And if it's RSVP
This is what I'll reply In the cool, cool, cool of the evening
Tell em we'll be there
If you need a pair of freeloaders
To fracture your affair
I may even give them Pagliacci
Now stand back and give him air
If one can relax and we'll have a few yaks
And you can tell them we'll be there Oui, said the bumblebee
Let's have jubilee.
When? said the prairie hen, Soon?
Sure, said the dinosaur
Where? said the grisly bear
Under the light of the moon.
How about your brother, jackass?
Everyone gaily cried
Are you coming to the fracas?
Ain't gonna blow it
Over respects, he sighed In the cool, cool, cool of the evening
Tell em I'll be there
In the cool, cool, cool of the evening
Slickum on my hair
If perchance we look a bit peaked
Remember cest la guerre
If we're still on our feet
And there's something to eat
Well you can tell them we'll be there In the cool, cool, cool of the evening
Tell em I'll be there
In the cool, cool, cool of the evening
Better save a chair
When the party's getting a glow on
And singin fills the air
If there's gas in my hack
and my laundry is back
If there's room for one more
And you need me
Why sure
If you need a new face or a tenor or base
If I can climb out of bed and put a hat on my head
Well you can tell em we'll be there. 
Here's a happy tune you'll love to croon
They call it Sam's song
It's catchy as can be, the melody
They call it Sam's song
Nothing on your mind
And then you'll find you're humming Sam's Song
Why, it makes you grin
Gets under your skin as only a song can do People that you meet out on the street
Everyone you see will soon agree that it's a grand song
So forget your troubles and wear a smile
You'll find you never go wrong
If you learn to croon this happy tune
They call it Sam's song 
Here's a happy tune
That'll bring you a smile all the while
When you croon it you're really in style
And the title is Sam's Song
It's catchy as can be
With a sly little beat
And the melody sweet keeps you tapping your feet
And the title is Sam's Song Nothing on your mind
But the news of the day
And the bills you must pay keep your hair turning gray
But you're still humming Sam's Song
Are you alright
How's your brace
Why, it makes you grin
Gets under your skin as only a song can do People that you meet
Hello Joe, what you know
And remind me to Moe, tell him business is slow
But I'm whistling
Sam's Song
Everyone you see
Has a story to tell or a gimmick to sell
But agree that it's swell
And it's really
A grand song So forget your troubles and wear a smile
You'll find you never go wrong
If you learn to croon
Like a lark in the park
Who is making his mark serenading the dark
With a Chorus of Sam's song 
If you learn to croon the happy tune
They call it Sam's song 
Never treat others with scorn
We're only here as we're born
Although you're way up
You may not stay up Stop cheating your heart
Why most of the wealth you possess
High on the hill of success
On friendship you never should frown
You'll need the same friends on the weary way down Oh, love thy neighbor
Walk up and say How be ya
Gee, but I'm glad to see ya, pal
How's tricks? What's new? Love thy neighbor
Offer to share his burden
Tell him to say the word
An you will see him through Especially if there should be
A beautiful girl next door
Say to that girl next door
Now don't think I'm bold
But my mother told me to Love thy neighbor
And you will find your labor
A great deal easier
Life'll be breezier
If you love thy neighbor Especially should there be
A beautiful girl next door
You can say to that girl next door
Now don't think I'm bold
But my mama told me to Love thy neighbor
And you will find your labor
A great deal easier
Life will be breezier
If you love thy neighbor With me shillelagh under me arm
And a twinkle in me eye
I'll be off to Tipperary in the morning.
With me shillelagh under me arm
And a toora loora lie
I'll be welcome in the home that I was born in. Me mother's told the neighbors
I'm going to settle down,
Phil the fluter's coming out
To play me round the town.
With me shillelagh under me arm
And a toora loora lie
I'll be off to Tipperary in the morning.
Pat McCarthy's goin to have
A party Friday night,
I'll be there, bejabers,
Cause there's bound to be a fight. With me shillelagh under me arm
And a toora loora lie
I'll be off to Tipperary in the morning. There's a girl I'm wild about, every time I take her out
I hurry, I scurry, I worry so
And we always can be found, where there's no one else around
If I lost her, what a blow, I love her oh-wo-oh Yes, I love her in the morning and I love her at night
I love her, yes, I love her when the stars are shining bright
I love her in the springtime and I love her in the fall
But last night on the backporch, I love her best of all Oh, I love her in the morning and I love her at night
First time that I dug this chick, it was true love at first sight
I love her in the springtime and I love her in the fall
But last time, gave her my frat pin, then I loved her best of all Oh, I love her in the springtime and I love her in the fall
But last night Maw went shopping and then I loved her best of all Feudin and fussin and a fightin,
sometimes it gets to be excitin,
don't like them ornery neighbors down by the creek,
we'll be plumb out of neighbors next week.
grandma, poor ol grandma,
why'd they have to shoot poor grandma.
she lies neath the clover
someone caught her bending over
pickin up a daisy!
feduin and fussin and a fightin
this is a wrong that needs a rightin,
let's get that funeral service over
so then we can start in a feudin again.
Feudin and fightin and a fussin,
that's all that's goin on with us in.
we are such neighborly people peaceful and sweet,
all except when we happen to meet.
daughter, baby daughter,
poisened all the neighbors chickens.
daughter hadn't oughter
least till she could run like the dickens.
they hit her with a shovel!
feudin and fightin and a fussin
no use a-standin here a cussin,
let's give our daughter a pistol now that she's four
and go feudin and fightin some more.
Got a date with an angel,
got to meet her at seven,
got a date witn an angel,
and i'm on my way to heaven.
she's so lovely beside me,
and whatever betide me.
got an angel to guide me.
so i'm on my way to heaven.
soon i'll hear the bells ring out,
and the choir will sing out,
when the pearly gates swing out
she'll beckon to me.
i've been waiting a lifetime,
for this evening at seven,
got a date with an angel
and i'm on my way to heaven. Just one look at you
My heart grew tipsy in me
You and you alone
Bring out the gypsy in me I love all the many charms about you
Above all, I want these arms about you Don't be a naughty baby
Come to papa, come to papa do
My sweet embraceable you I love all the many charms about you
Above all, I want my arms about you So don't you be, a naughty baby
Come to papa do
My sweet embraceable you original title:  
The diff'rent lays of nowadays
All set my brain a whirl
They're not the kind of songs they sang
When mother was a girl
Your spoony rags and coony drags
All made my poor heart ache
Bring back the rhymes of olden times
And just for old times sake 
Won't you play a simple melody
Like my mother sang to me
One with good old fashioned harmony
Play a simple melody 
In days of yore, before the war
When hearts now old were young
At home each night by firelight
Those dear old songs were sung
Sweet melodies, their memories
Around my heart still cling
That's why I long to hear a song
Like mother used to sing 
I don't care for longhaired musicians
With their classy melodies
They have lots of highbrow ambitions
But their music doesn't please
Give me something snappy and popular
The kind that darkies play
Lots of rhythm
And I go with em
That's why I say 
Musical Demon
Set your honey a-dreamin
Won't you play me some rag
Just change that classical nag
To some sweet beautiful drag
If you will play from a copy
Of a tune that is choppy
You'll get all my applause
And that is simply because
I want to listen to rag I'm no millionaire but I'm not the type to care
Cause I've got a pocketful of dreams
It's my universe, even with an empty purse
Cause I've got a pocketful of dreams I wouldn't take the wealth of Wall Street
For a road where nature trods
And I calculate that I'm worth my weight in goldenrods
Lucky, lucky me, I can live in luxury
Cause I've got a pocketful of dreams Oh, I'm no millionaire but I'm not the type to care
Cause I've got a pocketful of dreams
It's my universe, even with an empty purse
Cause I've got a pocketful of dreams I wouldn't take the wealth of Wall Street
For a road where nature trods
And I calculate that I'm worth my weight in goldenrods
Lucky, lucky me, I can live in luxury
Cause I've got a pocketful of dreams It seems like only yesterday
I sailed from out of cork
A wanderer from Erin's isle
I landed in New York There wasn't a soul to greet me there
A stranger on your shore
But Irish luck was with me here
And riches came galore And now that I'm going back again
To dear old Erin's isle
My friends will meet me on the pier
And greet me with a smile Their faces, sure, I've almost forgot
I've been so long away
But me mother will introduce them all
And this to me will say Shake hands with your uncle mike, me boy
And here is your sister, Kate
And there's the girl you used to swing
Down by the garden gate Shake hands with all of the neighbors
And kiss the Colleens all
You're as welcome as the flowers in may
To dear old Donegal They'll give a party when I go home
They'll come from near and far
They'll line the roads for miles and miles
With Irish jauntin cars The spirits will flow and we'll be gay
We'll fill your hearts with joy
The piper will play an Irish reel
To greet the Yankee boy We'll dance and sing the whole night long
Such fun as never seen
The lads will be decked in corduroy
The Colleens wearin green There'll be thousands there that I never saw
I've been so long away
But me mother will introduce them all
And this to me will say Shake hands with your uncle mike, me boy
And here is your sister, Kate
And there's the girl you used to swing
Down by the garden gate Shake hands with all of the neighbors
And kiss the Colleens all
You're as welcome as the flowers in may
To dear old Donegal Meet Branigan, Fannigan, Milligan, Gilligan
Duffy, McCuffy, Malachy, Mahone
Rafferty, Lafferty, Donnelly, Connelly
Dooley, O'Hooley, Muldowney, Malone Madigan, Cadigan, Lanihan, Flanihan
Fagan, O'Hagan, O'Hoolihan, Flynn
Shanihan, Manihan, Fogarty, Hogarty
Kelly, O'Kelly, McGuinness, McGuinn We're off on the road to Morocco
This taxi is tough on the spine hit me with a band-aid, Dad
Where they're goin, why we're goin, how can we be sure
I'll lay you eight to five that we'll meet Dorothy Lamour yeah, get in line Off on the road to Morocco
Hang on till the end of the line I like your jockey. Quiet
I hear this country's where they do the dance of the seven veils
We'd tell you more uh-ah but we would have the censor on our tails good boy We certainly do get around
Like Webster's Dictionary we're Morocco bound We're off on the road to Morocco
Well look out, well clear the way, cause here we come
Stand by for a concussion
The men eat fire, sleep on nails and saw their wives in half
It seems to me there should be easier ways to get a laugh
shall I slip on my big shoes? Off on the road to Morocco
Hooray! Well blow a horn, everybody duck
Yeah. it's a green light, come on boys We run into Villians but we haven't any fears
Paramount will protect us cause we're signed for five more yearsyeah
Certainly do get around
Like Webster's Dictionary we're Morocco bound We certainly do get around
Like a complete set of Shakespeare that you get
in the corner drugstore for a dollar ninety-eight
We're Morocco bound Or, like a volume of Omar Khayyam that you buy in the
department store at Christmas time for your cousin Julia
We're Morocco bound
we could be arrested
Sleigh bells ring
Are you listenin
In the lane
Snow is glistening
A beautiful sight
We're happy tonight
Walking in a winter wonderland. Gone away is the bluebird
Here to stay is a new bird
He sings a love song
As we go along
Walking in a winter wonderland In the meadow we can build a snowman
Then pretend that he is Parson Brown
He'll say: Are you married?
We'll say: No man
But you can do the job
When you're in town Later on
We'll conspire
As we dream by the fire
To face unafraid
The plans that we've made
Walking in a winter wonderland. Sleigh bell ring are ya listen
In the lane snow is glissing
A beautiful sight, we're happy tonight,
walkin in the winter wonderland. Gone away is the blue bird,
Here to stay is the new bird
He sings a love song
As we go along
Walkin in a winter wonderland. In the meadow we can build a snowman
And pretend that he's a circus clown
We'll have lots of fun with mister snowman
Yes, until the other kidies knock him down. Later on, we'll conspire
As we dream by the fire,
To face unafraid,
The plans that we've made,
Walkin in a winter wonderland.
Walkin in a winter wonderland.
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know dear how much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away.
The other night dear as I was sleeping
I dreamed I held you in my arms.
When I awoke dear I was mistaken
And I hung my head and I cried. You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know dear how much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away. 
You told me once dear
That you really loved me
And no one else could come between
But now you've left me
And you love another
You have shattered all my dreams You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know dear how much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away. I love you, hums the April breeze
I love you, echo the hills
I love you, the golden dawn agrees
As once more she sees daffodils It's spring again and birds on the wing again
Start to sing again the old melody
I love you, that's the song of songs
And it all belongs to you and me It's spring again and birds on the wing again
Start to sing again the old melody
I love you, that's the song of songs
And it all belongs to you and me Do you remember one September afternoon
I stood with you and listened to a wedding tune,
And didn't I go with you on your honeymoon?
Remember me? Do you recall a cottage small upon a hill
Where every day I had to pay another bill?
And if I'm not mistaken, dear, I pay them still
Remember me? I can see that little angel on your knee
Can't you see, He kinda sorta looks like me
For I'm the boy whose only joy is loving you
Who worries till he hurries home when day is thru
And I'm the guy you give you goodnight kisses to
Remember me? Down where the trade winds play, down where you lose the day
We found a new world where paradise starts
We traded hearts way down where the trade winds play Music was everywhere, flowers were in her hair
Under an awning of silvery boughs
We traded vows the night that I sailed away Oh, trade winds, what are vows that lovers make?
Oh, trade winds, are they only made to break? When it is May again, I'll sail away again
Though I'm returning, it won't be the same
She traded her name way down where the trade winds play
Blow trade winds, blow away Do I want to be with you
As the years come and go?
Only forever
If you care to know Would I grant all your wishes
And be proud of the task?
Only forever
If someone should ask How long would it take me
To be near if you beckoned?
Off hand I would figure
Less than a second Do you think I'll remember
How you looked when you smile?
Only forever
That's puttin it mild How long would it take me
To be near if you beckoned?
Off hand I would figure
Less than a second Do you think I'll remember
How you looked when you smile?
Only forever
That's puttin it mild Do you hear that whistle down the line
I figure that it's engine number forty-nine
She's the only one that'll sound that way
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe See the old smoke risin round the bend
I reckon that she knows she's gonna meet a friend
Folks around these parts get the time of day
From the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe Here she comes, woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-woo
Hey Jim, you better get out the rig, woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-woo
She's got a list of passengers that's pretty big And they'll all want lifts to Brown's Hotel
Cause lots of them been travellin for quite a spell
All the way from Philadelphia
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe
Do you hear that whistle down the line
I figure that it's engine number forty-nine
She's the only one that'll sound that way
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe See the old smoke risin round the bend
I reckon that she knows she's gonna meet a friend
Folks around these parts get the time of day
From the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe Here she comes, woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-woo
Hey Jim, you better get out the rig, woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo-woo
She's got a list of passengers that's pretty big
And they'll all want lifts to Brown's Hotel
Cause lots of them been travellin for quite a spell
All the way from Philadelphia
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe 
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe
On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe
Doo-doo-da, The good old A.T. and the Santa Fe 
Istanbul was Constantinople
Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Constantinople
Now it's Turkish delight on a moonlit night 
Every gal in Constantinople
Lives in Istanbul, not Constantinople
So if you've a date in Constantinople
She'll be waiting in Istanbul 
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam
Why they changed it I can't say
People just liked it better that way 
So, take me back to Constantinople
No, you can't go back to Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Constantinople
Why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's business but the Turks 
Istanbul Istanbul 
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam
Why they changed it I can't say
People just liked it better that way 
Istanbul was Constantinople
Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Constantinople
Why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's business but the Turks 
So, take me back to Constantinople
No, you can't go back to Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Constantinople
Why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's business but the Turks 
Istanbul 
I can't begin to tell you how much you mean to me
My world would end if ever we were through
I can't begin to tell you how happy I would be
If I could speak my mind like others do I make such pretty speeches
Whenever we're apart
But when you're near, the words I choose
Refuse to leave my heart So take the sweetest phrases the world has ever known
And make believe I've said em all to you I make such pretty speeches
Whenever we're apart
But when you're near, the words I choose
Refuse to leave my heart So take the sweetest phrases the world has ever known
And make believe I've said em all to you Oh, Please.
Lend your little ear to my pleas
Lend a ray of cheer to my pleas
Tell me that you love me too.
Please
Let me hold you tight in my arms
I could find delight in your charms
Every night my whole life through.
Your eyes reveal that you have the soul of
An angel white as snow.
How long must I play the role of
A gloomy romeo?
Oh, Please.
Say you're not intending to tease
Speed that happy ending and please
Tell me that you love me too. Bing whistles and da da dees Your eyes reveal that you have the soul of
An angel white as snow.
How long must I play the role of
A gloomy romeo?
Oh, please
Say you're not intending to tease
Speed that happy ending and please,
Tell me that you love me too. The holly green
The ivy green
The most beautiful picture you've ever seen
It's Christmas in Killarney
With all of the folks at home
It's nice you know to kiss your bow and huddling under the mistletoe
Though Santa Clause you know of course is one of the folks from home
The door is always open
The neighbors pay a call
And father John before he's
gone will bless the house and all
How grand it feels to click your heels
and join in the fun of the jigs and reels
It's Christmas in Killarney
The likes you've never known
It's Christmas in Killarney
With all of the folks at home
Christmas in Killarney is wonderful to see
Now listen to my story
And I'll take you back with me
The holly green the ivy green the
most beautiful picture you've ever seen
It's Christmas in Killarney with all of the folks at home it's
nice you know to kiss your bow while cuddling under the mistletoe
Then Santa Clause you know of course is one of the folks from home
The door is always open
The neighbors pay a call
And father John before he's gone
Wil bless the house and all
How grand it feels to kick your heels
and join in the fun of the jigs and reels
I'm handing you no blarney
The likes you've never known
It's Christmas in Killarney with all of the folks at home
The door is always open
The neighbors pay a call
And father John
before he's gone
will bless the house and all
How grand it feels to click your heels
and join in the fun of the jigs and reels
I'm handing you no blarney
The likes you've never known
It's Christmas in Killarney with all of the folks at hooooome. Up here in the land of the hot-dog stand
The atom bomb and the Good Humor Man
We think our South American neighbors are grand
We love em to beat the band South America
South America, take it away Beautiful miracle
Pardon my lyrical rapsody
Can't you see?
Oh, you have captured me! Being so glamourous
Now can't you be amorous just with me
Make it soon
Cop a look at that moon. Love is just around the corner
Any cozy little corner
Love is just around the corner
When I'm around you. I'm a sentimental mourner
And I couldn't be forlorner
When you keep me on that corner
Just waiting for you. Venus de Milo was noted for her charms
But strictly between us
You are cuter than Venus
And what's more you've got arms! Let's go cuddle in a corner
Any cozy little corner
Love is just around the corner
And I'm around you. Love is just around the corner
Any cozy little corner
Love is just around the corner
When I'm around you. I'm ten times as faithful
As all your other men
They all are true to no one but you
But me I'm true to 10. Oh, let's go cuddle in a cozy corner
Any cozy little corner
Love is just around the corner
And I'm around you. We used to dwell in love's own palace,
A palace of dreams come true.
Now that we're through I bear no malice,
Though we've called it a day
All I can say is
Thanks for all the lovely delights
I found in your embrace.
I'm thankful though I know
It's ending all too soon.
And thanks for unforgettable nights
I never can replace.
And memories that linger like a haunting tune.
It is better to have loved you dear and lost
Than never to have loved at all.
Yes it's better, for no matter what the cost
I held the world in sway, an emperor for a day
And thanks again for taking me on the road to paradise.
We lost our road, but still I must convey our thanks. It is better to have loved you dear and lost
Than never to have loved at all.
Yes, its better, for no matter what the cost
I held the world in sway, an emperor for a day
And thanks again for taking me on the road to paradise.
We lost our way but still I must convey my thanks. Go fly a kite and tie your troubles to the tail
they'll be blown away by a merry gale,
go fly a kite and toss your worries to the wind
and they won't come back, they'll be too chagrined.
go on make friends with the sky
have a talk with the sun
it's the bright way to live, if you'll pardon the pun
go fly a kite and you'll imagine you're a king
cause you've got your world on a piece of string I'm a long way from home and my thoughts ever roam
To ould Erin far over the sea,
For my heart it is there, where the skies are so fair
And ould Ireland is calling for me. There are eyes that are sad, as they watch for a lad,
In the old fashioned town of Athlone,
And I pray for the day, when I'm sailing away,
To ould Ireland, and mother, my own. Oh! I want to go back to that tumble down shack,
Where the wild roses bloom round the door,
Just to pillow my head, in that ould trundle bed,
Just to see my ould mother once more.
There's a bright gleaming light, guiding me home tonight,
Down the long road of white cobble stone,
Down the road that leads back, to that tumble down shack,
To that tumble down shack in Athlone. Down in old Kentucky where horseshoes are lucky
There's a village smithy standin under the chestnut tree
Hear the hammer knockin, see the anvil rockin
He sings the boogie blues while he's hammerin on the shoes See the hot sparks a-flyin like fourth of July-in
He's even got the horses cloppin pop, down the avenue
Folks love the rhythm, the clang bangin rhythm
You'll get a lot of kicks out of the blacksmith blues Down in old Kentucky where horseshoes are lucky
There's a village smithy standin under the chestnut tree
Hear the hammer knockin, see the anvil rockin
He sings the boogie blues while he's hammerin on the shoes See the hot sparks a flyin like fourth of July in
He's even got the horses cloppin bop, down the avenue
Folks love the rhythm, the clang bangin rhythm
You'll get a lot of kicks out of the blacksmith blues Oh, down in old Kentucky where horseshoes are lucky
There's a village smithy standin under the chestnut tree
Hear the hammer knockin, see the anvil rockin
He sings the boogie blues while he's hammerin on the shoes See the hot sparks a flyin like fourth of July in
He's even got the horses cloppin bop, down the avenue
Folks love the rhythm, the clang bangin rhythm
You'll get a lot of kicks out of the blacksmith blues Out of the blacksmith blues
Out of the blacksmith blues
Hammer knockin, anvil rockin
Horses cloppin, pops are boppin
The blacksmith blues And now the purple dusk of twilight time
Steals across the meadows of my heart
High up in the sky the little stars climb
Always reminding me that we're apart You wander down the lane and far away
Leaving me a song that will not die
Love is now the stardust of yesterday
The music of the years gone by Sometimes I wonder why I spend
The lonely night dreaming of a song
The melody haunts my reverie
And I am once again with you
When our love was new
And each kiss an inspiration
But that was long ago
Now my consolation
Is in the stardust of a song 
Beside a garden wall
When stars are bright
You are in my arms
The nightingale tells his fairy tale
A paradise where roses bloom
Though I dream in vain
In my heart it will remain
My stardust melody
The memory of love's refrain Peg o my heart
I love you, don't let us part
I love you, I always knew it would be you
Since I heard your lilting laughter
It's your Irish heart I'm after
Peg o my heart
Your glances make my heart say How's chances?
Come, be my own, come make your home in my heart 

Unforgettable
Unforgettable, that's what you are
Unforgettable though near or far
Like a song of love that clings to me
How the thought of you does things to me
Never before has someone been more 
Unforgettable in every way
And forever more, that's how you'll stay
That's why, darling, it's incredible
That someone so Unforgettable
Thinks that I am Unforgettable too 
Unforgettable in every way
And forever more, that's how you'll stay
That's why, darling, it's incredible
That someone so Unforgettable
Thinks that I am Unforgettable too 
Smile tho your heart is aching
Smile even tho it's breaking
When there are clouds in the sky
You'll get by If you smile
Thro your fear and sorrow
Smile and maybe tomorrow
You'll see the sun come shin-ing thro for you 
Light up your face with gladness
Hide every trace of sadness
Altho a tear may be ever so near That's the time
You must keep on trying
Smile, what's the use of crying
You'll find that life is still worth-while If you just smile
I was walking along
Mindin my business
When out of the orange colored sky
Flash, Bam, Alakazam Wonderful you came by
I was hummin a tune
Drinkin in sunshine
When out of that orange colored view Flash, Bam, Alakazam
I got a look at you.
One look and I yelled timber
Watch out for flying glass
Cause the ceiling fell in
And the bottom fell out
I went in to a spin And i started to shout
I've been hit, this is it, this is it I was walking along Mindin my business
When love came and hit me in the eye
Flash, Bam, Alakazam Out of the orange colored sky Well, one look and I yelled timber
Watch out for flying glass Cause the ceiling fell in
And the bottom fell out I went in to a spin And i started to shout
I've been hit, this is it, this is it, I've been hit
I was walkin along
Mindin my business
When love came and hit me in the eye
Flash, Bam, Alakazam
Out of that orange colored
Purple striped
Pretty green polka-dot sky
Flash, Bam, Alakazam,
And goodbye 
Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, men have named you
You're so like the lady with the mystic smile
Is it only cause you're lonely they have blamed you?
For that Mona Lisa strangeness in your smile?
Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa?
Or is this your way to hide a broken heart?
Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep
They just lie there and they die there
Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa?
Or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art?
Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa?
Or is this your way to hide a broken heart?
Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep
They just lie there and they die there
Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa?
Or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art?
For all we know we may never meet again
Before you go make this moment sweet again
We won't say Good night; until the last minute
I'll hold out my hand and my heart will be in it For all we know this may only be a dream
We come and go like a ripple on a stream
So love me tonight; tomorrow was made for some
Tomorrow may never come for all we know 
So love me tonight; tomorrow was made for some
Tomorrow may never come for all we know When I fall in love
It will be forever,
Or I'll never fall in love In a restless world like this is
Love is ended before it's begun
And too many moonlight kisses
Seem to cool in the warmth of the sun When I give my heart
It will be completely
Or I'll never give my heart. And the moment I can feel that
You feel that way too
Is when I'll fall in love with you And the moment I can feel that
You feel that way too
Is when I'll fall in love with you They try to tell us we're too young
Too young to really be in love
They say that love's a word
A word we've only heard
But can't begin to know the meaning of And yet we're not too young to know
This love will last though years may go
And then some day they may recall
We were not too young at all And yet we're not too young to know
This love will last though years may go
And then some day they may recall
We were not too young at all 
I can only give you love that lasts forever
And a promise to be near each time you call,
And the only heart I own
For you and you alone,
That's all, that's all. 
I can only give you country walks in springtime
And a hand to hold when leaves begin to fall,
And a love whose burning light
Will warm the winter night,
That's all, that's all. 
There are those, I am sure, that have told you
They would give you the world for a toy.
All I have are these arms to enfold you
And a love time can never destroy. 
If you're wondering what I'm asking in return, dear,
You'll be glad to know that my demands are small.
Say it's me that you'll adore
For now and ever more,
That's all, that's all. 
If you're wondering what I'm asking in return, dear,
You'll be glad to know that my demands are small.
Say it's me that you'll adore
For now and ever more,
That's all, that's all. Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
Those days of soda and pretzels and beer
Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
Dust off the sun and moon and sing a song of cheer Just fill your basket full of sandwiches and weenies
Then lock the house up, now you're set
And on the beach you'll see the girls in their bikinis
As cute as ever but they never get em wet Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
Those days of soda and pretzels and beer
Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
You'll wish that summer could always be here Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
Those days of soda and pretzels and beer
Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
Dust off the sun and moon and sing a song of cheer Don't hafta tell a girl and fella about a drive-in
Or some romantic moon it seems
Right from the moment that those lovers start arrivin
You'll see more kissin whistling in the cars than on the screen Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
Those days of soda and pretzels and beer
Roll out those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer
You'll wish that summer could always be here You'll wish that summer could always be here
You'll wish that summer could always be here Each time I look at you is like the first time
Each time you're near me, the thrill is new
And there is nothing that I wouldn't do for
The rare delight of the sight of you for The more I see you, the more I want you
Somehow this feeling, just grows and grows
With every sigh, I become more mad about you
More lost without you and so it goes Can you imagine how much I love you?
The more I see you as years go by
I know the only one for me can only be you
My arms won't free you, my heart won't try I know the only one for me can only be you
My arms won't free you, my heart won't try Chestnuts roasting on an open fire,
Jack Frost nipping at your nose,
Yuletide carols being sung by a choir
And folks dressed up like eskimos. Everybody knows a turkey and some mistletoe
Help to make the season bright.
Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow
Will find it hard to sleep tonight.
They know that Santa's on his way 
He's loaded lots of toys and goodies on his sleigh
And everymother's child is gonna spy
To see if reindeer really know how to fly. And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety-two
Although its been said many times,
Many ways: Merry Christmas to you And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety-two
Although its been said many times,
Many ways: Merry Christmas to you 
You're the cream in my coffee
You're the salt in my stew
You'll always be my necessity
I'd be lost without you You're the starch in my collar
You're the lace in my shoe
You'll always be my necessity
I'd be lost without you Most men tell love tales
And each phrase dovetails
You've heard each known way
This way is my own way You're the sail of my love boat
You're the captain and crew
You'll always be my necessity
I'd be lost without you You're the sail of my love boat
You're the captain and crew
You'll always be my necessity
Like a restaurant with a recipe
You're the lace in my shoe
I'd be lost without you
It's time to call it a day
They've burst your pretty balloon
And taken the moon away
It's time to wind up the masquerade
Just make your mind up the piper must be paid The party's over
The candles flicker and dim
You danced and dreamed through the night 
It seemed to be right just being with him
Now you must wake up, all dreams must end
Take off your makeup, the party's over
It's all over, my friend Nadie comprende lo que sufro yo
Tanto que ya no puedo sollozar
Solo temblando de ansiedad estoy
Todos me miran y se van To you
My heart cries out Perfidia
For I find you, the love of my life
In somebody else's arms Your eyes are echoing Perfidia
Forgetful of the promise of love
You're sharing another's charms With a sad lament my dreams are faded like a broken melody
While the gods of love look down and laugh
At what romantic fools we mortals be And now, I know my love was not for you
And so I take it back with a sigh
Perfidious one, Goodbye With a sad lament my dreams are faded like a broken melody
While the gods of love look down and laugh
At what romantic fools we mortals be And now, I know my love was not for you
And so I take it back with a sigh
Perfidious one, Goodbye
Goodbye
Once in a while,
Will you try
To give one little thought to me,
Though someone else may be
Nearer your heart? 
Once in a while,
Will you dream
Of the moments
I shared with you,
Moments before we two
Drifted apart? 
In love's smoldering ember,
One spark may remain.
If love still can remember,
That spark may burn again. 
I know that I'll
Be contented with
Yesterday's memory,
Knowing you think of me
Once in a while. 
Once in a while, 
In love's smoldering ember,
One spark may remain.
If love still can remember,
The spark may burn again. 
I know that I'll
Be contented with
Yesterday's memory,
Knowing you think of me
Once in a while,
Once in a while. 
You're my everything
The sun that shines above you
Makes the blue bird sing
The stars that twinkle way up in the sky
Tell me I'm in love When I kiss your lips
I feel the rolling thunder to my finger tips
And all the while my head is in a spin
Deep within I'm in love You're my everything
And nothing really matters
But the love you bring
You're my everything
To see you in the morning
With those big brown eyes
You're my everything
Forever and the day
I need you close to me
You're my everything
You never have to worry
Never fear for I am near You're my everything
I live up on the land and see the sky above
I swim within the ocean, sweet and warm
There's no storm, my love You're my everything
No, nothing really matters
But the love you bring
You're my everything
To see you in the morning
With those big brown eyes
You're my everything
Forever and the day
I need you close to me
You're my everything
You never have to worry
Never fear for I am near When I hold you tight
There's nothing that can harm you
In the lonely night
I'll come to you and keep you safe and warm
Yet so strong, my love When I kiss your lips
I feel the rolling thunder to my finger tips
And all the while my head is in a spin
Deep within, I'm in love
This is our last dance together,
Tonight soon will be long ago.
And in our moment of parting,
This is all I want you to know, 
There will be many other nights like this,
And I'll be standing here with someone new.
There will be other songs to sing,
Another fall, another spring,
But there will never be another you. 
There will be other lips that I may kiss,
But they won't thrill me,
Like yours used to do.
Yes, I may dream a million dreams,
But how can they come true,
If there will never, ever be another you? 
Yes, I may dream a million dreams,
But how can they come true,
If there will never, ever be,
Another you? Candy, I call my sugar Candy
Because I'm sweet on Candy
And Candy's sweet on me She understands me
My understanding Candy
And Candy's always handy
When I need sympathy I wish that there were four of her
So I could love much more of her
She has taken my complete heart
Got a sweet tooth for my sweetheart Candy, it's gonna be just dandy
The day I take my Candy
And make her mine, all mine Candy, I call my sugar Candy
Because I'm sweet on Candy
And Candy's sweet on me You wish that there were four of him
So I could love much more of him
He has taken your complete heart
You got a sweet tooth for your sweetheart Candy, it's gonna be just dandy
The day I take my Candy
Gee, how the sun will shine
On the day my Candy's mine
What'll I do when you
Are far away
And I'm so blue,
What'll I do? 
What'll I do when I
Am wondering who
Is kissing you,
What'll I do? 
What'll I do with just
A photograph
To tell my troubles to? 
When I'm alone
With only dreams of you
That won't come true,
What'll I do? 
When I'm alone
With only dreams of you
That won't come true,
What'll I do? 
Pick yourself up,
Take a deep breath,
Dust yourself off
And start all over again. 
Nothing's impossible, I have found
For when my chin is on the ground.
I pick myself up,
Dust myself off
And start all over again. 
Don't lose your confidence
If you slip
Be grateful for a pleasant trip
And pick yourself up,
Dust yourself off
And start all over again. 
Work like a soul inspired
Until the battle of the day is won.
You may be sick and tired,
But you'll be a man, my son. 
Will you remember the famous men
Who had to fall to rise again
They picked themselves up
Dust themselves off
And started all over again. 
Work like a soul inspired
Till the battle of the day is won.
You may be sick and tired,
But you'll be a man, my son. 
Will you remember the famous men
Who had to fall to rise again?
So take a deep breath,
Pick yourself up,
Dust yourself off
And start all over again. And now the purple dusk of twilight time
Steals across the meadows of my heart
High up in the sky the little stars climb
Always reminding me that we're apart You wander down the lane and far away
Leaving me a song that will not die
Love is now the stardust of yesterday
The music of the years gone by Sometimes I wonder why I spend
The lonely night dreaming of a song
The melody haunts my reverie
And I am once again with you
When our love was new
And each kiss an inspiration
But that was long ago
Now my consolation
Is in the stardust of a song Beside a garden wall
When stars are bright
You are in my arms
The nightingale tells his fairy tale
A paradise where roses bloom
Though I dream in vain
In my heart it will remain The memory of love's refrain
When I grow too old to dream I will have you to remember
When I grow too old to dream your love will live in my heart
So kiss me my sweet and so let us part
And when I grow too old to dream your love will live in my heart So kiss me, my sweet and so let us part
And when I grow too old to dream your love will live in my heart
Your love will live in my heart, your love will live in my heart Never let me go
Love me much too much
If you let me go
Life will lose its touch
What would I be without you?
There's no place for me without you Never let me go
I'd be so lost if you went away
There'd be a thousand hours in a day without you
I know Because of one caress my world was overturned
at the very start
All my bridges burned by my flaming heart
You'd never leave me would you?
You couldn't hurt me could you? Never let me go
Never let me go
Red sails in the sunset, way out on the sea
Oh, carry my loved one home safely to me
She sailed at the dawning, all day I've been blue
Red sails in the sunset, I'm trusting in you Swift wings you must borrow
Make straight for the shore
We marry tomorrow
And she goes sailing no more Red sails in the sunset, way out on the sea
Oh, carry my loved one home safely to me Swift wings you must borrow
Make straight for the shore
We marry tomorrow
And she goes sailing no more Red sails in the sunset
Way out on the sea ooh-wee-ooh, wee-ooh
Oh, carry my loved one
Home safely to me
Pretend you're happy when you're blue
It isn't very hard to do
And you'll find happiness without an end
Whenever you pretend Remember anyone can dream
And nothing's bad as it may seem
The little things you haven't got
Could be a lot if you pretend You'll find a love you can share
One you can call all your own
Just close your eyes, she'll be there
You'll never be alone And if you sing this melody
You'll be pretending just like me
The world is mine, it can be yours, my friend
So why don't you pretend?  And if you sing this melody
You'll be pretending just like me
The world is mine, it can be yours, my friend
So why don't you pretend?
I don't want French fried potatoes,
Red ripe tomatoes,
I'm never satisfied.
I want the frim fram sauce with the Ausen fay
With chafafa on the side. 
I don't want pork chops and bacon,
That won't awaken
My appetite inside.
I want the frim fram sauce with the Ausen fay
With chafafa on the side. 
Now a persons really got to eat
And a person should eat right.
Five will get you ten
I'm gonna feed myself right tonight. 
I don't want fish cakes and rye bread,
You heard what I said.
Waiter, please serve mine fried
I want the frim fram sauce with the Ausen fay
With chafafa on the side. 
Now a persons really got to eat
And a person should eat right.
Five will get you ten
I'm gonna feed myself right tonight. 
I don't want fish cakes and rye bread,
You heard what I said.
Waiter, please serve mine fried
I want the frim fram sauce with the Ausen fay
With chafafa on the side. 
I want the frim fram sauce with the ausen fay
with cha fafa, cha fafa, cha fafa, on the side
PLEAZZZE!
This is the end of a beautiful friendship,
It ended a moment ago.
This is the end of a beautiful friendship,
I know,
Cause your eyes told me so.
We've always been
Like sister and brother,
Until tonight,
When we looked at each other.
That was the end of a beautiful friendship,
And just the beginning of love.
That was the end of a beautiful friendship,
And just the beginning of love! there may be trouble ahead,
but while theres moonlight and music and love and romance,
let's face the music and dance. before the fiddlers have fled,
before they ask us to pay the bill,
and while we still have the chance,
let's face the music and dance. soon, we'll be without the moon,
humming a different toon,
and then, there may be tear drops to shed.
so while theres moonlight and music and love and romance, let's face the music and dance.
let's face the music and dance, soon, we'll be without the moon,
humming a different toon,
and then, there may be tear drops to shed.
so while theres moonlight and music and love and romance,
let's face the music and dance,
let's face the music and dance. 
If you ever plan to motor west,
Travel my way, take the highway that is best.
Get your kicks on route sixty-six. It winds from chicago to la,
More than two thousand miles all the way.
Get your kicks on route sixty-six. Now you go through saint looey
Joplin, missouri,
And oklahoma city is mighty pretty.
You see amarillo,
Gallup, new mexico,
Flagstaff, arizona.
Don't forget winona,
Kingman, barstow, san bernandino.
Won't you get hip to this timely tip
When you make that california trip
Get your kicks on route sixty-six. 
Won't you get hip to this timely tip:
When you make that california trip
Get your kicks on route sixty-six.
Get your kicks on route sixty-six.
Get your kicks on route sixty-six. I love you
for sentimental reasons
I hope you do believe me
I'll give you my heart I love you
And you alone were meant for me
Please give your loving heart to me
And say we'll never part I think of you every morning
Dream of you every night
Darling I'm never lonely
Whenever you're in sight I love you for sentimental reasons
I hope you do believe me
I'll give you my heart I think of you every morning
Dream of you every night
Darling I'm never lonely
Whenever you're in sight I love you for sentimental reasons
I hope you do believe me
I'll give you my heart
I hope you do believe me
I'll give you my heart Love me as though there were no tomorrow;
Take me out of this world tonight.
Take me; make me forget my sorrow,
So when I wake tomorrow, I'll know our love was right.
Kiss me as though it were now of never;
Teach me all that a heart should know.
Love me as though there were no tomorrow;
Oh my darling, love me; don't ever let me go.
Kiss me as though it were now or never;
Teach me all that a heart should know.
Love me as though there were no tomorrow;
Oh my darling, love me; don't ever let me go. Moonlight was made for a June night
And June nights were made, dear,
for love and romance
For heavenly kisses, for lips sweet and tender
On this night of splendour
You're so far away Come closer to me so I can see
heaven in your eyes
Come closer to me so I can be
close to Paradise Thrill me with your kisses
Let me learn what bliss is
Kiss me once and then we'll kiss and kiss again
And life will be divine Come closer my dear
So I can hear
music in my heart
I've waited so long to hear
the song that youre love will start Darling I'll adore you
Live my life just for you
All I ask is this
please give me one more kiss
and whisper you'll be mine Come closer to me
Looking ba-a-ack over my life
I can see where I caused you strife
But I know, oh yes I know
I'd never make that same mistake again Looking ba-a-ack over my deeds
I can see signs a wise man heeds
And if I just ha-ad the chance
I'd never make that same mistake again Once my cup was overflowing
But I gave nothing in return
Now I can't begin to tell you
What a lesson I have learned Looking ba-a-ack over the slate
I can see love turned to hate
But I know, oh yes I know
I'd never make that same mistake again I can't give you anything but love
Baby that's the only thing I've plenty of
Baby
dream a while
scheme a while we're sure to find happiness
and I guess
all those things you've always pined for.
Gee
I'd like to see you looking swell
Baby diamond bracelets Woolworth doesn't sell
Baby.
Till that lucky day
you know darned well
Baby.
I can't give you anything but love. I'm lost
I'm like a king without a throne
I'm lost
Just like a dog without its bone
I'm walking round in circles doing things I shouldn't do
That's how much I'm lost without you I'm lost
I'm like a heart without its beat
I'm lost
Just like an army in defeat
I'm like the autumn trees that shed their leaves when
summer's through
That's how much I'm lost without you Everything about me seems so strange, dear
My friends tell me I don't appear the same
I go around acting silly dilly
I can't even remember my name, baby I'm lost
Because the phone it won't won't ring
I'm lost
A pet canary wouldn't sing
I'm lost because each souvenir you've left has faded blue
But how much I'm lost without you Everything about me seems so strange, dear
My friends tell me I don't appear the same
I go around acting silly dilly
I can't even remember my name, baby I'm lost
I'm like the phone that never rings
I'm lost
Without those little precious things
I'm lost because each souvenir you've left has faded blue
And that's how much I'm lost without you It was just one of those things, just one of those crazy flings.
One of those bells that now and then rings, just one of those things.
It was just one of those nights, just one of those fabulous flights.
A trip to the moon on gossamer wings, just one of those things.
If we'd thought of it, bout the end of it, when we started painting the town,
We'd have been aware that our love affair was too hot not to cool down.
So goodbye, dear, and Amen, here's hoping we'll meet now and then.
It was great fun but it was just one of those things. 
Just one of those bells that now and then rings, just one of those things.
A trip to the moon on gossamer wings, just one of those things.
If we'd thought of it bout the end of it, when we started painting that town.,
We'd have been aware that our love affair was too hot not to cool down.
So goodbye, dear, and Amen, here's hoping we'll meet now and then.
It was great fun but it was jus tone of those things. The falling leaves drift by the window
The autumn leaves of red and gold
I see your lips, the summer kisses
The sun-burned hands I used to hold Since you went away the days grow long
And soon I'll hear old winter's song
But I miss you most of all my darling
When autumn leaves start to fall
The falling leaves drift by the window
The autumn leaves of red and gold
I see your lips, the summer kisses
The sun-burn hands I used to hold
Since you went away the days grow long
And soon I'll hear old winter's song
But I miss you most of all my darling
When autumn leave start to fall
Wa-oo-oo, wa-oo-oo,
Wa-oo wa-oo wa-oo wa-ay,
Wa-oo-oo, wa-oo-oo,
Wa-oo wa-oo wa-oo wa-ay, 
Sittin by de ocean
Me heart, she feel so sad,
Sittin by de ocean,
Me heart, she feel so sad,
Don't got de money
To take me back to Trinidad. 
Fine calypso woman,
She cook me shrimp and rice,
Fine calypso woman,
She cook me shrimp and rice,
Dese yankee hot dogs
Don't treat me stomach very nice. 
In Trinidad, one dollar buy
Papaya juice, banana pie,
Six coconut, one female goat,
An plenty fish to fill de boat. 
One bushel bread, one barrel wine,
An all de town, she come to dine.
But here is bad, one dollar buy
Cup of coffee, ham on rye. 
Me throat she sick from necktie,
Me feet hurt from shoes.
Me pocket full of empty,
I got Calypso blues. 
Dese yankee girl give me big scare,
Is black de root, is blonde de hair.
Her eyelash false, her face is paint,
And pads are where de girl she ain't! 
She jitterbug when she should waltz,
I even think her name is false.
But calypso girl is good a lot,
Is what you see, is what she got. 
Sittin by de ocean
Me heart, she feel so sad,
Sittin by de ocean,
Me heart, she feel so sad,
Don't got de money
To take me back to Trinidad. 
Wa-oo-oo, wa-oo-oo,
Wa-oo wa-oo wa-oo wa-ay,
Wa-oo-oo, wa-oo-oo,
Wa-oo wa-oo wa-oo wa-ay, 
I found my love in Avalon beside the bay
I left my love in Avalon and sailed away
I dream of her and Avalon from dusk til dawn
And so I think I'll travel on to Avalon I found my love in Avalon beside the bay
I left my love in Avalon and sailed away
I dream of her and Avalon from dusk til dawn
And so I think I'll travel on to Avalon
Our love affair is a wondrous thing
That we'll rejoice in remembering
Our love was born with our first embrace
And a page was torn out of time and space Our love affair, may it always be
A flame to burn through eternity
So take my hand with a fervent prayer
That we may live and we may share
A love affair to remember If I had to choose just one day If I had to choose just one day
To last my whole life through
It would surely be that Sunday
The day that I met you Newborn whippoorwills were calling from the hills
Summer was a-coming in but fast
Lots of daffodils were showing off their skills
Nodding all together, I could almost hear them whisper
Go on, kiss her, go on and kiss her If I had to choose one moment
To live within my heart
It would be that tender moment
Recalling how we started
Darling, it would be when you smiled at me
That way, that Sunday, that summer 
Newborn whippoorwills were calling from the hills
Summer was a-comin in but fast
Lots of daffodils were showin off their skills
Nodding all together, I could almost hear them whisper
Go on, kiss her, go on and kiss her 
If I had to choose one moment
To live within my heart
It would be that tender moment
Recalling how we started
Darling, it would be when you smiled at me
That way, that Sunday, that summer Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket till I get back
Going downtown to see a man
And I ain't got time to shake your hand Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket till I get back
Time and time waits for no man
And I ain't got time to shake your hand Standing on a corner
All full of jive
But you know that you're my boy
So I'm forced to give you five Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket till I get back
Going downtown to see a man
And I ain't got time to shake your hand Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket till I get back
Going downtown to see a man
And I ain't got time to shake your hand Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket till I get back
Time and time waits for no man
And I ain't got time to shake your hand Standing on a corner
All full of jive
But you know that you're my boy
So I'm forced to give you five Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket till I get back
Going downtown to see a man
And I ain't got time to shake your hand Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket
Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket
Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket Hit that jive Jack
Put it in your pocket till I get back
Going downtown to see a man
And I ain't got time I ain't got time, I ain't got time
I ain't got time to shake your hands
Won't you put it in your pocket till I get back Hit that jive Jack
Don't forget to be
All you mean to me
Non dimenticar my love is like a star, my darling
Shining bright and clear
Just because you're here Please do not forget that our lips have met 
And I've held you tight, dear
Was it dreams ago my heart felt this glow?
Or only just tonight, dear? Non dimenticar although you travel far, my darling
It's my heart you own, so I'll wait alone
although you travel far, my darling
It's my heart you own, so I'll wait alone
The sky may be starless,
The night may be moonless,
But deep in my heart there's a glow.
For deep in my heart
I know that you love me.
You love me because you told me so.
Love letters straight from your heart
Keep us so near while apart.
I'm not alone in the night
When I can have all the love you write. I memorize every line,
I kiss the name that you sign.
And, darling, then I read again right from the start
Love letters straight from your heart. 
I memorize every line,
I kiss the name that you sign.
And, darling, then I read again right from the start
Love letters straight from your heart. My funny valentine, sweet comic valentine
You make me smile with my heart
Your looks are laughable, un-photographable
Yet you're my favorite work of art Is your figure less than Greek?
Is your mouth a little weak?
When you open it to speak
Are you smart? Don't change a hair for me
Not if you care for me
Stay, little valentine, stay!
Each day is Valentine's Day Don't change a hair for me
Not if you care for me
Stay, little valentine, stay!
Each day is Valentine's Day
Gee, it's great after bein out late
Walkin my baby back home
Arm in arm over meadow and farm
Walkin my baby back home We go long harmonizing a song
Or I'm recitin a poem
Owls go by and they give me the eye
Walkin my baby back home We stop for a while, she gives me a smile
And snuggles her head on my chest
We start in to pet and that's when I get
Her talcum all over my vest After I kinda straighten my tie
She has to borrow my comb
Once kiss then I continue again
Walkin my baby back home She's fraid of the dark so I have to park
Outside of her door till it's light
She says if I try to kiss her she'll cry
I dry her tears all through the night Hand in hand to a barbecue stand
Right from her doorway we roam
Eats and then it's a pleasure again
Walkin my baby
Talkin my baby
Lovin my baby
I don't mean maybe
Walkin my baby back home 
Sometimes I'm happy,
Sometimes I'm blue.
My disposition
Depends on you. 
I never mind
The rain from the sky
If I can find
The sun in your eyes. 
Sometimes I love you,
Sometimes I hate you.
But when I hate you,
It's cause I love you. 
That's how I am
So what can I do?
I'm happy when I'm with you. 
Sometimes I love you,
Sometimes I hate you.
But when I hate you,
It's cause I love you. 
That's how I am
So what can I do?
I'm happy when I'm with you.
I'm happy when I'm with you. The buzzard took the monkey for a ride in the air
The monkey thought that everything was on a square
The buzzard tried to throw the monkey off his back
But the monkey grabbed his neck and said Now listen Jack Straighten up and fly right
Straighten up and stay right
Straighten up and fly right
Cool down pappa, don't you blow your top
Ain't no use in divin, what's the use of jivin
Straighten up and fly right
Cool down pappa, don't you blow your top The buzzard told the monkey you are chokin me
Release your hold and I will set you free
The monkey looked the buzzard right dead in the eye
And said, Your story's so touching but it sounds like a lie Straighten up and fly right
Straighten up and stay right
Straighten up and fly right
Cool down pappa, don't you blow your top Straighten up and fly right
Straighten up and stay right
Straighten up and fly right
Cool down pappa, don't you blow your top
Fly right The evening breeze
Caressed the trees, tenderly
The trembling trees
Embraced the breeze, tenderly Then you and I
Came wandering by
And lost in a sigh
Were we The shore was kissed
By sea and mist, tenderly
I can't forget
How two hearts met, breathlessly Your arms opened wide
And closed me inside
You took my lips
You took my love so tenderly Your arms opened wide
And closed me inside
You took my lips
You took my love so tenderly
You took my lips
You took my love so tenderly
You made me love you
I didn't wanna do it
I didn't wanna do it
You made me want you And all the time you knew it
I guess you always knew it
You made me happy Sometimes you made me glad
But there were times
You made me feel so bad You made me sigh for
I didn't wanna tell you
I didn't wanna tell you I want some love
That's true, yes, I do
Deed I do, you know I do Give me, give me what I cry for
You know you got the brand of kisses
That I die for
You know you made me love you Give me, give me what I cry for
You know you got the brand of kisses
That I die for
You know you made me love you My mama, mama, mama, mama
Oh, oh yeah
My mama, mama, mama, mama My mama told me
My mama, mama, mama, mama
Ooh yeah
My mama, mama, mama, mama Yeah
Wha, ooh, ooh
My mama told me there'd be lots of guys
Wha, ooh, ooh Who look at me and start to makin eyes
Wha-ooh-ooh
And then they squeeze and wanna hold you tight
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
And say they love you both-a day and night And so ya
Better be careful, hon
Ooh yeah
Better be careful, hon
Yes, that's what she told me
Better be careful hon
Or you're gonna miss out on a lot of fun Wha, ooh, ooh
And then I met a guy whose name was Joe
Wha, ooh, ooh
He told me, Baby I've got lots of dough
Wha, ooh, ooh So if you just come along with me
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
We'll go places, just you wait and see I should have listened
To what my mama told me
Yes, I should have listened
To what my mama told me 
To what a mama told me yeah
To what my mama told me
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
A but I didn't believe a what she said My mama, mama, mama, mama
Oh, ooh, ho, ooh yeah
My mama, mama, mama, mama
Yes, that's what she told me
My mama, mama, mama, mama
A but I didn't believe a what she said Wha, ooh, ooh
Well that all happened such a long time ago
Wha, ooh, ooh
I've learned my lesson and a now I know
Wha, ooh, ooh I should have listened to what my mama said
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
But I thought I knew everything instead He ran around
I should have listened to what my mama told me
Yes, with every girl in town
I should have listened to what my mama told me Yes, he put me down
I should have listened to what my mama told me
Played me for a clown
I should have listened to what my mama told me Oh, ooh, yeah
I should have listened to what my mama told me
I should have listened to what my mama told me Yeah, now, now
Yeah I should have listened to what my mama told me
I should have listened to what my mama told me
I should have listened to what my mama told me
Oh, o, mommy, mommy, yeah A house with love in it is rich indeed
although there are a thousand things that house may need 
The carpet may be old, the room so plain and bare
and yet it's beautiful somehow when love is living there 
A house with love in it just seems to bloom
as though the month of may were filling every room 
So darling true the years with all my heart I'll pray
a house with love in it is where we'll stay 
So darling true the years with all my heart I'll pray
a house with love in it is where we'll stay. 
Let there be you,
Let there be me.
Let there be oysters
Under the sea. Let there be wind,
An occasional rain.
Chile con carne,
Sparkling champagne, Let there be birds
To sing in the trees,
Someone to bless me
Whenever I sneeze. Let there be cuckoos,
A lark and a dove,
But first of all, please,
Let there be love. Let there be cuckoos,
A lark and a dove,
But first of all, please,
Let there be love, Hmmm umm, love
Hmmm umm, love Let there be love. Say it is only a paper moon
Sailing over a cardboard sea,
But it wouldn't be make believe
If you believed in me. Yes It is only a canvas sky
Hanging over a muslin tree,
But it wouldn't be make believe
If you believed in me. Without your love,
It's a honky-tonk parade.
Without your love,
It's a melody played in a penny arcade. It's a Barnum and Bailey world,
Just as phony as it can be,
But it wouldn't be make believe
If you believed in me.  interlude Without your love,
It's a honky-tonk parade.
Without your love,
It's a melody played in a penny arcade. It's a Barnum and Bailey world
Just as phony as it can be,
But it wouldn't be make believe
If you believed in me. 
You
Stepped out of a dream,
You are too wonderful
To be what you seem. 
Could there be eyes like yours?
Could there be lips like yours?
Could there be smiles like yours,
Honest and truly? 
You
Stepped out of a cloud,
I want to take you away
Away from the crowd,
And have you all to myself,
Alone and apart.
Out of a dream
Safe into my heart. 
You
Stepped out of a cloud,
I want to take you away
Away from the crowd,
And have you all to myself,
Alone and apart.
Out of a dream,
Safe into my heart,
Wa-dee-la-la
Out of a dream! When shadows fall and trees whisper day is ending,
My thoughts are ever wending home.
When crickets call, my heart is forever yearning,
Once nor to be returning home. When the hills conceal the setting sun,
Stars begin a peeping one by one.
Night covers all and, though fortune my forsake me,
Sweet dreams will ever take me home.
Just found joy
I'm as happy as a baby boy, baby boy
With another brand new choo-choo choy
When I met my sweet Lorraine, Lorraine, Lorraine. A pair of eyes
That are brighter than the summer sky
When you see them, you'll realize
Why I love my sweet Lorraine. Now when it's rainin,
I don't miss the sun
Because it's in my baby's smile, whoa ho
And to think that I'm the lucky one
That will lead her down the aisle, whoa ho ho Each night I pray
That no one will steal her heart away
I can't wait until that lucky day
When I marry sweet Lorraine. Now when it's rainin
I don't miss the sun
Because it's in my baby's smile, whoa ho
And to think that I'm the lucky one
That will lead her down the aisle, whoa ho ho Each night I pray
That no one will steal her heart away
I can't wait until that lucky day
When I marry sweet Lorraine.
I used to walk with you
Along the avenue
Our hearts were carefree and gay
How could I know I'd lose you
Somewhere along the way? The friends we used to know
Would always smile Hello
No love like our love they'd say
Then love slipped through our fingers
Somewhere along the way I should forget
But with the loneliness of night I start remembering everything
You're gone and yet
There's still a feeling deep inside
That you will always be part of me So now I look for you
Along the avenue
And as I wander I pray
That some day soon I'll find you
Somewhere along the way I should forget
But with the loneliness of night I start remembering everything
You're gone and yet
There's still a feeling deep inside
That you will always be part of me So now I look for you
Along the avenue
And as I wander I pray
That some day soon I'll find you
Somewhere along the way
Somewhere along the way Misty Look at me, I'm as helpless as a kitten up a tree,
And I feel like I'm clinging to a cloud, I can't understand,
I get misty, just holding your hand. Walk my way, and a thousand violins begin to play,
Or it might be the sound of your hello, that music I hear,
I get misty, the moment you're near. You can say that you're leading me on,
But it's just what I want you to do,
Don't you notice how hopelessly I'm lost,
That's why I'm following you. On my own, would I wander through this wonderland alone,
Never knowing my right foot from my left, my hat from my glove,
I'm too misty, and too much in love.
I'm too misty, and too much in love.
You can say that you're leading me on,
But it's just what I want you to do,
Don't you notice how hopelessly I'm lost,
That's why I'm following you. On my own, would I wander through this wonderland alone,
Never knowing my right foot from my left, my hat from my glove,
I'm too misty, and too much in love.
I'm too misty, and too much in love. I live my life, one after the other
Can't seem to shake trouble
Ollows me where ever I go
My mama told me I was always in a hurry
You'd better slow down or you'll lose control I've loved and lost for the moment
It never lasted long enough
You come to me when something gets broken
But I won't let it get me down
Blame it on my youth
Put it to the circumstances
Blame it on my youth
I can't be judged for my actions
I'm an accident waiting to happen
Blame it on my youth Someday I might stop being a child
But for now it looks as though
I'm havin too much fun
You're as young as you feel
From the inside
Inside and out you're always on the run Angel's with dirty faces
A little lost and innocent
Time steals people and places
But I won't let it get me down
I've loved and lost for the moment
It never lasted long enough
You come to me when
Something gets broken
But I won't let it get me, baby.
I should care, I should go around weeping
I should care, I should go without sleeping
Strangely enough, I sleep well
cept for a dream or two
But then I count my sheep well
Funny how sheep can lull you to sleep So I should care, I should let it upset me
I should care but it just doesn't get me
Maybe I won't find someone as lovely as you
But I should care and I do I should care but it just doesn't get me
Maybe I won't find someone as lovely as you
But I should care and I do And I do Answer me, oh, my love
Just what sin have I been guilty of?
Tell me how I came to lose your love
Please answer me, sweetheart You were mine yesterday
I believed that love was here to stay
Won't you tell me where I've gone astray?
Please answer me, my love If you're happier without me
I'll try not to care
But if you still think about me
Please listen to my prayer You must know I've been true
Won't you say that we can start anew?
In my sorrow now I turn to you
Please answer me, my love If you're happier without me
I'll try not to care
But if you still think about me
Please listen to my prayer You must know you must knowI've been true I've been true
Won't you say that we can start anew?
In my sorrow now I turn to you
Please answer me, my love 
Answer me, my love 

In Napoli where love is king
When boy meets girl, here's what they say: When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's amore
When the world seems to shine like you've had too much wine, that's amore
Bells will ring ting-a-ling-a-ling, ting-a-ling-a-ling, and you'll sing, Vita bella
Hearts will play tippy-tippy-tay, tippy-tippy-tay, like a gay tarantella When the stars make you drool just like a pasta e fazool, that's amore
When you dance down the street with a cloud at your feet, you're in love
When you walk in a dream but you know you're not dreaming signore
Scuzzi me, but you see, back in old Napoli that's amore When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's amore
That's amore
When the world seems to shine like you've had too much wine, that's amore
That's amore Bells will ring Ting-a-ling-a-ling, ting-a-ling-a-ling
And you'll sing Vita bella Vita bell, vita bella
Hearts will play Tippy-tippy-tay, tippy-tippy-tay, like a gay tarantella
Lucky Fella When the stars make you drool just like a pasta e fazool, that's amore
That's amore
When you dance down the street with a cloud at your feet, you're in love When you walk in a dream, but you know you're not dreaming signore
Scusami, but you see, back in old Napoli that's amore Amore
That's amore 
Let me tell ya bout the birds and the bees
And the flowers and the trees
The moon up above, and the thing called love
Let me tell ya bout the stars in the sky
The girl and the guy
And the way they could kiss
On a night like this
When I look into your big brown eyes
It's very plain to see
That it's time you learn about the facts in life
Startin from A to Z
Let me tell ya bout the birds and the bees
When I look into your big brown eyes,
Well, let me tell you bout the birds and the bees,
Let me tell ya bout the birds and the bees
The flowers and the trees
The stars in the sky, a girl and a guy
The birds and the bees
The flowers and the trees
The stars in the sky and a girl and a guy,
it is time to say good night to Napoli
though it's hard for us to whisper buona sera
without the moon above the mediterranean sea In the morning senorina we'll go walkin
with the mountains at the moon coming at the side
and by the little jewelly shop we'll stop and linger
while I will buy wedding ring for your finger
in the meantime let me tell you thatI love you
buona sera senorina kiss me good night
buona sera senorina kiss me good night
Buona sera senorina, buona sera
it's time to say good night to Napoli
though it's hard for us to whisper buona sera
without the moon above the meditteranean sea In the morning senorina we'll go walkin
with the mountains at the moon coming at the side
and by the little jewelly shop we'll stop ringer
while I will buy wedding ring for your finger
in the meantime let me tell you that I love you
buona Sera senorina kiss me good night 
When marimba rhythms start to play Dance with me, make me sway
Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore
Hold me close, sway me more
Like a flower bending in the breeze Bend with me, sway with ease
When we dance you have a way with me
Stay with me, sway with me
Other dancers may be on the floor Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have that magic technique
When we sway I go weak
I can hear the sounds of violins Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now
Other dancers may be on the floor Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have that magic technique
When we sway I go weak
I can hear the sounds of violins Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now
When marimba rhythms start to play Dance with me, make me sway
Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore
Hold me close, sway me more
Like a flower bending in the breeze Bend with me, sway with ease
When we dance you have a way with me
Stay with me, sway with me
When marimba rhythms start to play Dance with me, make me sway
Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore
Hold me close, sway me more
Like a flower bending in the breeze Bend with me, sway with ease
When we dance you have a way with me
Stay with me, sway with me
Other dancers may be on the floor Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have that magic technique
When we sway I go weak
I can hear the sounds of violins Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now
Other dancers may be on the floor Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have that magic technique
When we sway I go weak
I can hear the sounds of violins Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now
When marimba rhythms start to play Dance with me, make me sway
Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore
Hold me close, sway me more
Like a flower bending in the breeze Bend with me, sway with ease
When we dance you have a way with me
Stay with me, sway with me
I'm forever blowing bubbles
Pretty bubbles in the air
They fly so high, nearly reach the sky
Then like my dreams they fade and die Fortune's always hiding
I've looked everywhere
I'm forever blowing bubbles
Pretty bubbles in the air I'm forever blowing bubbles
Pretty bubbles in the air
They fly so high, nearly reach the sky
Then in my dreams they fade and die Fortune's always hiding
I've looked everywhere
I'm forever blowing bubbles
Pretty bubbles in the air I'm forever blowing bubbles
Pretty bubbles, no more troubles
Pretty bubbles in the air Everybody loves somebody sometime
Everybody falls in love somehow
Something in your kiss just told me
My sometime is now Everybody finds somebody someplace
There's no telling where love may appear
Something in my heart keeps saying
My someplace is here If I had it in my power
I'd arrange for every girl to have your charms
Then every minute, every hour
Every boy would find what I found in your arms Everybody loves somebody sometime
And although my dream was overdue
Your love made it well worth waiting
For someone like you If I had it in my power
I would arrange for every girl to have your charms
Then every minute, every hour
Every boy would find what I found in your arms Everybody loves somebody sometime
And although my dream was overdue
Your love made it well worth waiting
For someone like you
Everybody loves somebody sometime Arriverderci, Roma
Goodbye, goodbye to Rome City of a million moonlit faces
City of a million warm embraces
Where I found the one of all the faces
Far from home Arriverderci, Roma
It's time for us to part Save the wedding bells for my returnin
Keep my lover's arms outstretched and yearnin
Please be sure the flame of love keeps burnin
In her heart Arriverderci, Roma
It's time for us to part Save the wedding bells for my returnin
Keep my lover's arms outstretched and yearnin
Please be sure the flame of love keeps burnin
In her heart A boy went back to Napoli, because he missed the scenery
the native dances and the charming songs, but wait a minute,
somethings wrong! cause now it's, Hey mambo, mambo Italiano hey hey mambo mambo Italiano
Go go go you mixed up Siciliano
All you Calabrese do the mambo like a crazy with the
Hey mambo don't wanna tarantella, Hey mambo no more mozzarella
Hey mambo mambo Italiano
Try an enchilada with a fish baccala Hey goomba I love how you dance the rumba
But take some advice paisano learn a how to mambo
If you're gonna be a square you ain't a gonna go anywhere
Hey mambo mambo Italiano hey hey mambo mambo Italiano
Go go Joe shake like a tiavanna
E lo che se dice you get happy in the feets a when you
Mambo Italiano Hey chadrool you don't a have to go to the school
Just make it with a big bambino
It's like vino
Kid you good-a looking but you don't a know what's cooking til you Hey mambo mambo Italiano
Hey hey mambo mambo Italiano
Ho ho ho you mixed up Siciliano
E lo che se dice you get happy in the feets a when you
Mambo Italiano How lucky can one guy be?
I kissed her and she kissed me.
Like a fella once said:
Ain't that a kick in the head? The room was completely black
I hugged her and she hugged back.
Like the sailor said quote:
Ain't that a hole in a boat? My head keeps spinnin
I go to sleep and keep grinnin
If this is just the beginnin
My life is gonna be beautiful. I've sunshine enough to spread
It's just like the fella said.
Tell me quick
ain't love a kick in the head? Like the fella once said:
Ain't that a kick in the head? Like the sailor said quote:
Ain't that a hole in a boat? My head keeps spinnin
I go to sleep and keep grinnin
If this is just the beginnin
My life is gonna be beautiful. She's telling me we'll be wed
She's picked out a king size bed
I couldn't feel any better or I'd be sick.
Tell me quick
Oh, ain't that a kick?
Tell me quick
ain't love a kick in the head?Down each avenue or via, street or strata
You can see em disappearing, two-by-two
On an evening in Roma Do they take em for espresso, yeah, I guess so
On each lover's arm a girl I wish I knew
On an evening in Roma Though there's grinning and mandolining in sunny Italy
The beginning has just begun when the sun goes down So please meet me in the plaza near your casa
I am only one, and one is much too few
On an evening in Roma Don't know what the country's coming to
But in Rome do as the Romans do
Will you, on an evening in Roma Though there's grinning and mandolining in sunny Italy
The beginning has just begun when the sun goes down
Stretti stretti co na pupa bella passeggiar
Sottover celo de Roma Don't know what the country's coming to
But in Rome do as the Romans do
Will you, on an evening in Roma Sotter celo de Roma
On an evening in Roma Goodnight sweetheart
Til we meet tomorrow
Goodnight sweetheart
Sleep will vanish sorrow
Tears and parting may make us forlorn
But with the dawn a new day is born
Goodnight sweetheart
Though I'm not beside you
Goodnight sweetheart
Still my love will guide you
Dreams will enfold you
In each one I'll hold you
Goodnight sweetheart
Dreams will enfold you
In each one I'll hold you
Goodnight sweetheart goodnight Go go go go
Come on and dance with me
Go go go go
In to a trance with me
Go go go go
And try romance with me Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Go go go go Go go go go
The music's bright tonight
Go go go go
And hold me tight tonight
Go go go go
I fell so right tonight Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Go go go go go go This heart of mine is beating overtime
It's four leaf clover time and I'm in love
It's love
It's love, it's love, it's love Go go go go
And swing me round the floor
Go go go go
And kiss me more and more
Go go go go
What are we waiting for
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop Go go
Go go go go
Go go go go
Go
Go go go
Go
Go go
Go Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Go go go go go go
Go go go go
Go Go go go
Go
Go man
Go
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Go go go go go go This heart of mine is beating overtime
It's four leaf clover time and I'm in love
It's love, it's love, it's love, it's love Go, go
And swing me round the floor
Go go
And kiss me more and more
Go go go go
What are we waiting for Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Go go go go go go Go go go go
And swing me round the floor
Go go go go
And kiss me more and more
Go go go go
What are we waiting for Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Don't stop
Go go go go go go
Go go go
Go go go go go go
Go go When I left Havana nobody saw me go
But my little gaucho maid who loves me so
She came down the pathway following after me
That same little gaucho maid that I longed to see
If at your window you see a gentle dove
Treat it with care and welcome it there with love
It may be so I do not deny its glee
Crown it with flowers grant love its hours for me Oh my darling be mine
Won't you say that you love me
All my passions so tender oh please surrender your love divine
Ah my darling be mine
Won't you say that you love me
Oh my passions so tender oh please surrender your love divine Oh my darling be mine
Won't you say that you love me
All my passions so tender oh please surrender your love divine
The sweet, sweet memories you've given me
You can't beat the memories you've given me
Take one fresh and tender kiss,
Add one stolen night of bliss,
One girl; one boy; some grief; some joy: Memories are made of this. Don't forget a small moonbeam.
Fold it lightly with a dream.
Your lips and mine,
Two sips of wine: Memories are made of this. Then add the wedding bells;
One house where lovers dwell;
Three little kids for the flavor.
Stir carefully through the days ~
See how the flavor stays.
These are the dreams you will savor. With His blessings from above,
Serve it generously with love.
One man, one wife,
One love, through life: Memories are made of this. 
With his little mandolino
And a twinkle in his eye
Senorinas he can win
Always for another guy Italians love to sip a cup of cappuccino
And listen to the man who plays the mandolino
You offer him a cigarette a glass of vino
That's how he's paid to serenade your lady fair With his little mandolino
And a twinkle in his eye
Senorinas he can win
Always for another guy He seems like such a happy man
The man who plays the mandolino
He sings a song of sweet romance for all the lovers as they dance
But all he's holding in his arms is just a little mandolino
He has no woman of his own so every night he walks alone With his little mandolino
And a twinkle in his eye
Senorinas he can win
Always for another guy And while he's strumming songs of love the man who plays the mandolino
His eyes are always looking for a senorina to adore
He drinks a toast to his true love each time he lifts a glass of vino
And so until that lucky day he looks for her along the way With his little mandolino
And a twinkle in his eye
Senorinas he can win
Always for another guy
Both The man who plays the mandolino In Napoli beside the sea
It happened on a night like this
In Napoli our hearts were free
And we surrendered to a kiss There neath the stars I saw heaven in her eyes
There neath the stars I knew this was paradise
All through the night in sweet delight
We shared the tenderness of love But with the dawn my love was gone
Just like the fading stars above
My lonely heart cries out, Please come back to me
Beside the sea in dear old Napoli There neath the stars I saw heaven in her eyes
There neath the stars I knew this was paradise
All through the night in sweet delight
We shared the tenderness of love But with the dawn my love was gone
Just like the fading stars above
My lonely heart cries out, Please come back to me
Beside the sea in dear old Napoli Return To Me
Dean Martin
Return to me
Oh my dear I'm so lonely Hurry back, hurry back
Oh my love hurry back I'm yours
Return to me
For my heart wants you only Hurry home, hurry home
Won't you please hurry home to my heart My darling, if I hurt you I'm sorry
Forgive me and please say you are mine
Return to me
Please come back bella mia Hurry back, hurry home to my arms
To my lips and my heart
Retorna me
Cara mia ti amo
Solo tu, solo tu, solo tu, solo tu
Mio cuore
Gimme a little kiss, will ya huh
What are you gonna miss, will ya huh
Gosh oh gee, why do you refuse
I can't see what you've gotta lose. Oh gimme a little squeeze, will ya huh
Why do you wanna make me blue
I wouldn't say a word if I were asking for the world
But what's a little kiss between a fellow and his girl? Oh gimme a little kiss will ya huh
And I'll give it right back to you.
Will ya huh?
Will ya huh? Once again a plea I'm gonne make
Oh tell me when do I get a break
Oh say when you're givin in, will ya huh
Anything that you ask I'll do. I'll take you for a little ride
Where we can be alone
And once you kiss me
You will never think of walkin home. Oh gimme a little kiss, will ya huh
Or I'll steal about ten. Yes, steal about ten for you, Si bon si bon
Cest si bon Si bon si bon
Lovers say that in France Si bon si bon
When they thrill to romance Si bon si bon
It means that it's so good Ah cest si bon Si bon si bon
So I say it to you Si bon si bon
Like the French people do Si bon si bon
Because it's oh so good Every word every sigh every kiss dear
Leads to only one thought and it's this dear
Oh it's on so good Si bon si bon
Nothing else can replace Si bon si bon
Just your slightest embrace Si bon si bon
And if you only would
Would be my own for the rest of my days
I would whisper this phrase
Cest si bon Si bon si bon
The river Seine Si bon si bon
The Left Bank Si bon si bon
The Eiffel Tower Si bon si bon
The meatballs, pizzas, school cheating, now that's stuffs pretty good too
En voyant notre mine ravie
I have only one thought and it's this dear
Oh it's so good Si bon si bon
Nothing else can replace Si bon si bon
Just your slightest embrace Si bon si bon
And if you only would
Be my own for the rest of my days
I would whisper this phrase
My darling cest si bon Si bon si bon
Gigi si bon Si bon si bon
Mimi si bon Si bon si bon
And all those mademoiselles that are si bon
In fact you'd be surprised how much good stuff there is around here Frank Si bon si bon Heart and soul
I fell in love with you heart and soul
Because you held me tight
And stole a kiss in the night Heart and soul
I begged to be adored
I lost control and tumbled overboard gladly
That magic night we kissed
There in the moon mist
Oh but your lips were thrilling, much to thrilling
Never before were mine so faintly willing
But now I see what one embrace can do
That little kiss you stole
Held all my heart and stole Now I see what one embrace can do
Look at me it's got me loving you madly
That little kiss you stole
Held all my heart and soul Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina in the morning
No one could be sweeter than my sweetie when I meet her in the morning
Where the morning glories twine around the door
Whispering pretty stories I long to hear once more
Strolling with my girlie where the dew is pearly early in the morning
Butterflies all flutter up and kiss each buttercup at dawning
If I had Aladdin's lamp for only a day
I'd make a wish and here's what I'd say
Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina in the morning Where the morning glories twine around the door
Whispering pretty stories I long to hear once more
Strolling with my girlie where the dew is pearly early in the morning
Butterflies all flutter up and kiss each buttercup at dawning
If I had Aladdin's lamp for only a day
I'd make a wish and here's what I'd say
Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina in the AM
Carolina in the morning Every night I sit here by my window
Window
Starin at a lonely avenue
Avenue
Watching lovers holding hands and laughin
Laughin
Thinkin bout the things they used to do Thinkin bout things
Like a walk in the park
Things
Like a kiss in the dark Things
Like a sailor boat ride
Yeah, yeah
What about the night we cried? Things like a lovers vow
Things that we don't do now
Thinkin bout the things we used to do
Used to do Memories are all I have to cling to
Cling to
And heartaches are the friends I'm talking
Talking to
When I'm not thinking of just how much I loved you
Loved you
But I'm thinking bout the things we used to do Thinkin bout things
Like a walk in the park
Things
Like a kiss in the dark Things
Like a sailor boat ride
Yeah, yeah
What about the night we cried? Things like a lovers vow
Things that we don't do now
Thinkin bout the things we used to do I still can hear the juke-box softly playin
Playin
And the face I see is there belongs to you
Belongs to you
No, there's not a single sound and there's nobody else around
Well, I just mean thinkin bout things we used to do Thinkin bout things
Like a walk in the park
Things
Like a kiss in the dark Things
Like a sailor boat ride
Yeah, yeah
What about the night we cried? Things like a lovers vow
Things that we don't do now
Thinkin bout the things we used to do And the heartaches are the friends I'm talking to
Talking to
You got me thinkin bout the things we used to do
Used to do
Thinkin bout the things we used to do
Never do You are always in my heart
Even though you're far away
I can hear the music of the song I sang to you
You are always in my heart
And when skies above are gray
I remember that you care and then and there the sun breaks through
Just before I go to sleep
There's a rendezvous I keep
And the dreams I always meet help me forget we're far apart
I don't know exactly when dear
But I'm sure we'll meet again dear
And my darling til we do
You are always in my heart And the dreams I always meet help me forget were far apart
I don't know exactly when dear
But I'm sure we'll meet again dear
And my darling til we do
You are always in my heart Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba Birds always sing, bells always ring
Whether it's summer or winter or spring
Be like the birds, just add the words
And sing this happy song Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba Don't ever cry, I'll tell you why
You can't see the sky with a tear in your eye
Be like the sun, smile just for fun
And sing this happy song Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba Look at everywhere love's in the air
Dance through your life with a devil-may-care
Look in your heart then you will start
To sing this happy song Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba
Ma come beli bella bimba, bella bimba, bella bimba The sun is sinking in the west
The cattle go down to the stream
The redwing settles in the nest
It's time for a cowboy to dream Purple light in the canyons
That's where I long to be
With my three good companions
Just my rifle, pony and me Gonna hang gonna hang my sombrero my sombrero
On the limb on the limb of a tree of a tree
Comin home comin home sweetheart darlin sweetheart darlin
Just my rifle, pony and me
Just my rifle, my pony and me Whippoorwill in the willow
Sings a sweet melody
Riding to Amarillo
Just my rifle, pony and me
No more cows no more cows to be ropened to be ropened
No more strays will I see
Round the bend round the bend she'll be waitin she'll be waitin
For my rifle, pony and me
For my rifle, my pony and me Sunlight dances on the sea
Tender thoughts occur to me
I have often seen your eyes
In the nighttime when I dream When I pass a garden fair
And the scent is in the air
In my mind a dream awakes
And my heart begins to break But you said goodbye to me
Now all I can do is grieve
Can it be that you forgot?
Darling forget me not! Please don't say farewell So I can mend Every day I
sit and pray I
win you over soon. Say yes, won't you? Do you, don't you want this world in tune? What does it take to persuade you?
And how much more must I serenade you? Listen to me, Sophia,
Have you any idea
How much you mean to me a?
How much you'll never know! If I'm all agitato,
Every heart string vibrato,
Every look passionato,
Who but you made me so? It's love, it's love crescendo,
Never ever diminuenndo. Say the word, sweet Sophia,
Or from earth I resign.
Oh, Sophia, be mine! Listen to me, Sophia,
Have you any idea
How much you mean to me a?
Every day more and more! All the others were so-so,
Not a one amoroso,
But with you I'm aglow, so,
Only you I adore. You're sweeter than spumone,
Sweeter even than zabaglione. Say the word, sweet Sophia,
Let our heart's sic intertwine.
Oh, Sophia, be mine!
Oh, Sophia, be mine!
Les autres paroles Dean Martin
Miscellaneous
Little Ole Wine Drinker, Me
Little Ole Wine Drinker Me
Dean Martin
I'm praying for rain in California
So the grapes can grow and they can make more wine
And I'm sitting in a honky in Chicago
With a broken heart and a woman on my mind
I matched the man behind the bar for the jukebox
And the music takes me back to Tennessee
And he asked who's the fool in the corner crying
I say a little ole wine drinker me
I came here last week from down in Nashville
Cause my baby left for Florida on a train
I thought I'd get a job and just forget her
But in Chicago, the broken heartache's still the same
I matched the man behind the bar for the jukebox
And the music takes me back to Tennessee
When they ask who's the fool in the corner crying
I say a little ole wine drinker me
I say a little ole wine drinker me You've got to give a little, take a little.
And let your poor heart to break a little.
That's the story of.
That's the glory of love. You've got to laugh a little, cry a little.
Until the clouds roll by a little.
That's the story of.
That's the glory of love. As long, as there's the two of us.
We, ve got the world and all it's charms.
And when the world is through with us.
We've got each others arms You've got to win a little, lose a little.
And always have to blues a little.
That's the story of.
That's the glory of love. Chrous:
As long, as there's the two of us.
We, ve got the world and all it's charms.
And when the world is through with us.
We've got each others arms You've got to win a little, lose a little.
And always have to blues a little.
That's the story of.
That's the glory of love. 
Here we are out of cigarettes
Holding hands and yawning
Look how late it gets
Two sleepy people by dawn's early light
And too much in love to say goodnight  Here we are in the cozy chair
Picking on a wishbone from the frigidaire
Two sleepy people with nothing to say
And too much in love to break away  Do you remember the nights we used to linger in the hall
Father didn't like you at all
Do you remember the reason why we marries in the fall
To rent this little nest and get a bit of rest Well here we are just above the Seine
Foggy little fella,  drowsy little dame
Two sleepy people by dawn's early light
And too much in love to say goodnight Do you remember the nights we used to linger in the hall
Father didn't like you at all
Do you remember the reason why we marries in the fall
To rent this little nest and  get a bit of rest Well here we are just above the Seine
Foggy little fella,  drowsy little dame
Two sleepy people by dawn's early light
And too much in love to say goodnight
Bon soir  Bon nuit houston. well it's lonesome in this old town
everybody puts me down
i'm a face without a name
just walking in the rain
going back to houston, houston, houston
i've got holes in both of my shoes
well i'm a walking case of the blues
saw a dollar yesterday
but the wind blew it away
going back to houston, houston, houston
i haven't eaten in about a week
i'm so hungry when i walk i squeak
nobody calls me friend
it's sad the shape i'm in
going back to houston, houston, houston
i got a girl waiting out for me
well at least she said she'd be
i got a home and a big warm bed
and a feather pillow for my head
going back to houston, houston, houston If You Knew Susie
like I know Susie
Oh! Oh! Oh! What a girl! There's none so classy
as this fair lassie
Oh! Oh! Holy Moses! What a chassis!
We went riding
she didn't balk
Back from Yonkers
I'm the one that had to walk! If You Knew Susie
like I know Susie 
Oh! Oh! Oh! What a girl! She wears long tresses
and nice tight dresses
Oh! Oh! What a future she posesses.
Out in public
how she can yawn
in a parlor you would think
the war was on. If You Knew Susie
like I know Susie
Oh! Oh! Oh! What a girl! Five foot two, eyes of blue
But oh what those five foot could do
Has anyone seen my gal Turned up nose and turned down hose
Never had another beau
Has anyone seen my gal Now if you run into five foot two covered with fur
Diamond ring and all those things
Bet your life it isn't hers
Could she love could she woo
Could she love could she coo
Has anyone seen my gal Five foot two, eyes of blue but oh what those five foot could do
Has anyone seen my gal
Now if you run into five foot two covered with fur
Diamond ring and all those things
Bet your life that it wasn't her Could she loving could she coo
Could she could she woo
Has anyone seen my gal Everybody loves a baby that's why I'm in love with you
Pretty baby pretty baby
And I'd like to be your sister, brother, dad and mother too
Pretty baby pretty baby 
Won't you come and let me rock you in my cradle of love
And we'll cuddle all the time
Oh I want a lovin baby and it might as well be you
Pretty baby of mine 
Everybody loves a baby that's why I'm in love with you
Pretty baby pretty baby
And I'd like to be your sister, brother, dad and mother too
Pretty baby pretty baby
Won't you come and let me rock you in my cradle of love And we'll cuddle all the time Oh I want a lovin baby and it might as well be you Pretty baby of Pretty baby of Pretty baby of mine with Helen OConnell 
How do you like your eggs in the morning
I like mine with a kiss
Boiled or fried 
I'm satisfied as long as I get my kiss
How do you like your toast in the morning
I like mine with a hug
Dark or light 
the world's all right as long as I get my hug 
I've got to have my love in the morning
Or the rest of my day is positively mayhem
I'm a regular monster
How do you like your eggs in the morning
I like mine with a kiss
Up or down 
I'll never frown eggs can be almost bliss
Just as long as I get my kiss 
How do you like your eggs in the morning 
how do you like your eggs in the morning
I like mine with a kiss 
I like mine with a kiss
Boiled or fried 
I'm satisfied 
as long as I get my kiss 
How do you like your toast in the morning 
how do you like your toast in the morning
I like mine with a hug 
I like mine with a hug
Dark or light 
the world's all right 
as long as I get my hug 
I've got to have my love in the morning
Or the rest of my day is positively mayhem
I'm a regular monster
How do you like your eggs in the morning
I like mine with a kiss
Up or down 
I'll never frown 
eggs can be almost bliss
Just as long as I get my kiss So darling, I can dream on it, too Send me the pillow that you dream on
Don't you know that I still care for you?
Send me the pillow that you dream on
So darling, I can dream on it, too Each night while I'm sleeping oh, so lonely
I'll share your love in dreams that once were true
Send me the pillow that you dream on
So darling, I can dream on it, too I've waited so long for you to write me
But just a memory's all that's left of me
So send me the pillow that you dream on
So darling, I can dream on it, too
So darling, I can dream on it, too Welcome to my world
won't you come on in
miracles i guess
still happen now and then Step into my heart
and leave your cares behind
welcome to my world
built with you in mind knock and the door will open
seek and you will find
ask and you'll be given
the key to this world of mine I'll be waiting here
with my arms unfurled
waiting just for you
welcome to my world waiting just for you
welcome to my world It's knowing that your door is always open and your path is free to walk
That makes me tend to leave my sleeping bag rolled up and stashed behind your couch
And it's knowing I'm not shackled by forgotten words and bonds
And the ink stains that have dried up on some line
That keeps you in the back roads by the rivers of my memory
That keeps you ever gentle on my mind It's not clinging to the rocks and ivy planted on their columns now that binds me
Or something that somebody said because they thought we fit together walking
It's just knowing that the world will not be cursing or forgiving when I walk along some railroad track by the rivers of my memory
And for hours you're just gentle on my mind Well I dip my cup of soup back from the gurgling crackling caldron in some train yard
My beard a roughening coal pile and a dirty hat pulled low across my face Cupped hands round a tin can
I pretend I hold you to my breast and find that you're waving from the back roads by the river of my memory
Ever smiling ever gentle on my mind Watching the world go by watching the world go by
Under a sunny sky sunny sky
Strolling round the park on a Sunday afternoon Sunday afternoon
Oh how the moments fly oh how the moments fly
Watching the world go by the world go by
When you're with your love
Life is a beautiful tune life is a beautiful tune Even if clouds are there
Way up above
For us the day is always fair cuz we're in love
Others may have some tears, others may cry
Darling not you and I not you and I
We'll spend years and years and years
Watching the world go by Watching the world go by Some day Sunday
Under a sunny sky When church is through love
Strolling round the park on Sunday afternoon Hand and hand neath a crimson sky
We will dream as the world goes by
Oh how the moments fly One day one day,
Watching the world go by  Dreams will come true love
When you're with your love  They'll be beautiful days to see
Life is a beautiful tune In the future with me
Even if clouds are there Each tomorrow
Way up above We'll be fair
For us the day is always fair cuz we're in love Free from sorrow just as long as you care
Others may have some tears others may have some tears
Darling not you and I not you and I
We'll spend years and years and years
Watching the world go by Watch the sunrise on a tropic isle
See the pyramids along the Nile
Just remember darlin, all the while
You belong to me See the market place in old Algiers
Send me photographs and souvenirs
Just remember when a dream appears
You belong to me I'll be so alone without you
Maybe you'll be lonesome too and blue Fly the ocean in a silver plane
See the jungle when it's wet with rain
Just remember til you're home again
You belong to me Fly the ocean in a silver plane
See the jungle when it's wet with rain
Just remember til you're home again
You belong to me Oh the weather outside is frightful
But the fire is so delightful,
And snice we've no place to go,
Let it snow!
Let it snow!
Let it snow! It doesn't show signs of stopping
And I brought some corn for popping,
The lights are turned way down low,
Let it snow!
Let it snow! When we finally kiss goodnight,
How I'll hate going out in the storm!
But if you'll really hold me tight,
All the way home I'll be warm. The fire is slowly dying
And my dear we're still goodbyeing,
But as long as you love me so,
Let it snow!
Let it snow!
Let it snow! When we finally kiss goodnight,
How I'll hate going out in the storm!
But if you'll really grab me tight,
All the way home I'll be warm. The fire is slowly dying
And my dear we're still goodbyeing,
But as long as you love me so,
Let it snow!
Let it snow!
Let it snow! Hands that are strong, but wrinkled
Doin work that never gets done
Hair that's lost some of the beauty
By too many hours in the sun Eyes that show some disappointment
And there's been quite a lot in her life
She's the foundation I lean on
My woman, my woman, my wife Everyday has been uphill
Oh, we've climbed, but we can't reach the top
I'm weak and I'm easily discouraged
She just smiles when I want to stop Lips that are weary but tender
With love that strengthens my life
A Saint in a dress made of gingham
My woman, my woman, my wife Two little babies were born in the Spring
But died when the Winter was new
I lost control of my mind and my soul
But my woman's faith carried us through When she reaches that river
Lord, you know what she's worth
Give her that mansion up yonder
Cause she's been through hell here on Earth Lord, give her my share of Heaven
If I've earned any here in this life
Cause, God, I believe she deserves it
My woman, my woman, my wife Amor amor amor
This word so sweet that I repeat
Means I have adored you
Amor amor my love
Will you deny this heart that I have placed before you I can't find another word with meaning so clear
My lips try to whisper sweeter things in your ear
Somehow or other nothing sounds quite so dear
As this soft caressing word I know Amor amor my love
When you're away there is no day and nights are lonely
Amor amor my love
Make my life divine say you'll be mine and love me only I can't find another word with meaning so clear
My lips try to whisper sweeter things in your ear
Somehow or other nothing sounds quite so dear
As this soft caressing word I know Amor amor my love
When you're away there is no day and nights are lonely
Amor amor my love
Make my life divine say you'll be mine and love me only
Make my life divine say you'll be mine and love me only
Make my life divine say you'll be mine and love me only I got an ol slouch hat,
got my roll on my shoulder
I'm as free as a breeze
an do as I please,
just a bummin around . . . Gotta million friends,
I don't feel any older
I've got nothin to lose
not even the blues,
just a bummin around . . . Whenever worries start
to botherin me start botherin me!
I grab my coat, my ol slouch hat,
hit the trail again,
you see . . . I ain't got a dime, 
don't care where I'm goin
I'm as free as a breeze
an do as I please,
just a bummin around! 
I hit the trail again,
you see . . . I ain't got a dime,
don't care where I'm goin
I'm as free as a breeze
an do as I please,
just a bummin around . . . just a bummin around . . .
just a bummin around . . .
just a bummin around . . . I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter
And make believe it came from you
I'm gonna write words oh, so sweet
They're gonna knock me off my feet
A lot of kisses on the bottom
I'll be glad I got em. I'm gonna smile and say I hope you're feeling better
And sign with love the way you do
I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter
And make believe it came from you. I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter
And make believe it came from you
I'm gonna write words oh so sweet
They're gonna knock me off my feet
A lot of kisses on the bottom
I'll be glad I got em. I'm gonna smile and say I hope you're feeling better
And sign with love the way you do
I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter
And make believe it came from you, We Marie, we Marie
Quanto sonno agiu perso per te
Famme durmi, una notte abbraciata cu te
We Marie, we Marie
Quanto sonno agiu perse per te
Famme durmi, we Marie, we Marie We Marie, we Marie
You were all in this world to me
Here by the window
The sweet melody I sing to thee
Oh Marie, we Marie
All the stars in the sky shine for thee
Please listen to me
Oh Marie, we Marie Red sails in the sunset way out on the sea
Oh carry my loved one home safely to me She sailed with the dawning all day I've been blue
Red sails in the sunset I'm trusting in you Swift wings you must borrow make straight for the shore
We'll marry tomorrow and she'll go sailing no more Red sails in the sunset way out on the sea
Oh carry my loved one home safely to me Swift wings you must borrow make straight for the shore
We'll marry tomorrow and she'll go sailing no more Red sails in the sunset way out on the sea
Oh carry my loved one home safely to me Peanut do bop do bop
Peanut do bop do bop
In Cuba each merry maid wakes up with this seranade
Peanuts they're nice and hot
Peanuts he sells a lot
Peanuts
If you haven't got bananas don't be blue
Peanuts in a little bag are calling you
Don't waste them no tummy ache
You'll taste them when you're awake
For at the very break of day
The peanut vendor's on his way
At dawning the whistle blows
through every city, town and country lane
you hear him sing his plantive little strain
And as he goes by to you he'll say
Big jumbos big jumbo ones
Come buy those peanuts roasted today
Come buy those freshly roasted today If you're looking for a moral to this song
50 million monkeys can't be wrong
Peanuts do bop do bop
Peanuts do bop do bop
Peanuts do bop do bop In Cuba his smiling face is welcome most anyplace
Peanuts they hear him cry
Peanuts they all reply
If you're looking for an early morning treat
Get some double jointed peanuts good to eat
For breakfast or dinnertime
For supper most anytime
The merry twinkle in his eye
He's got a way that makes you buy
Each morning that whistle blows
Are you more than I sell If an apple keeps the doctor from your door
Peanuts ought to keep him from you even more
Peanuts we'll meet again
This street again
We'll eat again
You Peanut Man, that peanut man's gone
Peanut, peanut, peanut When the sun goes down the tide goes out
The people gather round and they all begin to shout
Hey hey Uncle Dud it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud What a dance do they do
Lordy how I'm telling you
They don't need no band
They keep time by clapping their hands
Just as happy as a cow chewing on a cud
When the people beat their feet on the Mississippi mud Lordy how they play it
Goodness how they sway it
Uncle Joe, Uncle Jim
How they pound the mire with vigor and vim
Joy the music thrills me
Boy it nearly kills me
What a show when they go
Say they beat up either fast or slow When the sun goes down the tide goes out
The people gather round and they all begin to shout
Say hey Uncle Dud it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud What a dance do they do
Lordy how I'm telling you
They don't need no band
They keep time by clapping their hands
Just as happy as a cow chewing on a cud
When the people beat their feet on the Mississippi mud When the sun goes down the tide goes out
The people gather round and they all begin to shout
Hey hey Uncle Dud it's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud What a dance do they do
Lordy how I'm telling you
They don't need no band
They keep time by clapping their hands
Just as happy as a cow chewing on a cud
When the people beat their feet
When the people beat their feet
When the people beat their feet
On the Mississippi mud I'm Sitting On Top Of The World I'm sitting on top of the world,
Just rolling along, just rolling along.
I'm quitting the blues of the world,
Just singing a song, just singing a song. Glory, hallelujah, I just phoned the parson,
Hey, Par, get ready to call!
Just like humpty dumpty,
I'm ready to fall. I'm sitting on top of the world,
Just rolling along, just rolling along.
I'm quitting the blues of the world,
Just singing a song, just singing a song Let me take you to Capri and we'll sail to Neapoli
Oh, what lovely sights we'll see just close your eyes
Picture us in London town while the rain is drifting down
See the diomand of the crown just close your eyes. Imagine tropic waters gleamin though we're only dreamin
When you're in love it makes you feel each dram you dream is real
We can watch the sun in Rome sparkling on a palace dome
While we're holding hands at home just close your eyes. Though we're only dreamin
When you're in love it makes you feel each dram you dream is real
We can watch the sun in Rome sparkling on a palace dome
While we're holding hands at home just close your eyes, When you're smiling
When you're smiling
The whole world smiles with you When you're laughing
Oh when you're laughing
The sun comes shining through But when you're crying
You bring on the rain
So stop your sighing, be happy again Keep on smiling
Cause when you're smiling
The whole world smiles with you But when you're crying
You bring on the rain
So stop your sighing, be happy again Keep on smiling
Cause when you're smiling
The whole world smiles with you Gigi
Am I a fool without a mind
Or have I merely been too blind to realize
Oh Gigi
Why you've been growing up before my very eyes
Gigi
You're not at all that funny awkward little girl I knew
Oh no
Overnight there's been a breathless change in you
Oh Gigi
While you were trembling on the brink
Oh Gigi
Have I been standing up too close or back too far
When did your sparkle turn to fire
And your warmth become desire
Oh what miracle has made you the way you are Gigi
While you were trembling on the brink
Was I out yonder somewhere blinking at a star
Oh Gigi
Have I been standing up too close or back too far
When did your sparkle turn to fire
And your warmth become desire
Oh what miracle has made you the way you are If our lips should meet in Innamorata
Kiss me kiss me sweet in Innamorata
Hold me close and say you're mine
I heaven's door in Innamorata
Want you more and more in Innamorata
You're a symphony the very beautiful sonanta my in Innamorata
Say that you're my sweetheart, my love You're a symphony the very beautiful sonanta my in Innamorata
Say that you're my sweetheart, my one and only sweetheart
Say you're my sweetheart, my love Volare, oh oh
Cantare, oh oh oh oh
Let's fly way up to the clouds
Away from the maddening crowds
We can sing in the glow of a star that I know of
Where lovers enjoy peace of mind
Let us leave the confusion and all disillusion behind
Just like bird of a feather, a rainbow together we'll find
Volare, oh oh
E contare, oh oh oh oh
No wonder my happy heart sings
Your love has given me wings
Penso che un sogno cosi non ritorni mai piu
Mi dipingevo le mani e la faccia di blu
Poi dimprovviso venivo dal vento rapito
E incominciavo a volare nel cielo infinito
Volare, oh oh
E contare, oh oh oh oh
Nel blu, dipinto di blu
Felice di stare lassu
E volavo, volavo felice piu in alto del sole ed ancora piu su
Mentre il mondo pian piano spariva lontano laggiu
Una musica dolce suonava soltanto per me
Volare, oh oh
E cantare, oh oh oh oh
No wonder my happy heart sings
Your love has given me wings
Nel blu, dipinto di blu
Felice di stare lassu Bye bye baby
Time to hit the road to dreamland
You're mine baby
Dig you in the land of nod
Hold tight baby
We'll be swinging up in dreamland
All night baby
Where the little cherubs trot
Well look at that knocked out moon
You been a-blowing his top in the blue
Never saw the likes of you
Bye bye baby
Time to hit the road to dreamland
Don't cry baby
It was divine but the rooster has finally crowed
Time to hit the road Look at that knocked out moon
He been a-blowing his top in the blue
Never saw the likes of you
Bye bye baby
Time to hit the road to dreamland
Don't cry baby
Well it was divine but the cuckoo has finally crowed
Time to hit the road Time to hit the road
Time to hit the road The faucet it is dripping and the fence is falling down
My pocket needs some money so I can't go in to town
My brother he ain't working and my sister doesn't care
The car it needs a motor so I can't go anywhere Manana Manana
Manana is soon enough for me Once I had some money but I gave it to a friend
He said he'd pay me double he was only for a lend
But he said a little later that the horse it was so slow
Why he gave the horse my money is something I don't know Manana Manana
Manana is good enough for me My brother took his suitcase and he went away to school
My father said he only learned to be a silly fool
My father said that I should learn to make a chili pot
But then I burned the house down the chili was too hot Manana Manana
Manana is soon enough for me The window it is busted and the rain is coming in
If someone doesn't fix it I'll be soaking to my skin
But if we wait a day or two the rain may go away
And we don't need a window on such a lovely day
Manana manana manana is soon enough for me
Manana manana manana is soon enough for me I want some red roses for a blue lady
Mister florist take my order please
We had a silly quarrel the other day
I hope these pretty flowers chase her blues away I want some red roses for a blue lady
Send them to the sweetest gal in town
And if they do the trick, I'll hurry back to pick
Your best white orchid for her wedding gown I want some red roses for a blue lady 
We had a silly quarrel the other day
I hope these pretty flowers chase her blues away I want some red roses for a blue, blue lady
Send them to the sweetest gal in town
And if they do the trick, I'll hurry back to pick
Your best white orchid for her wedding gown Your best white orchid for her wedding gown I don't know why I love ya like I do
I don't know why I just do
Well I don't know why you thrill me like you do
I don't know why you, just do
You never seem to want my romancing
Ah, the only time you hold me is when we're dancing
I don't know why I love ya like I do
I don't know why I just do I don't know why I love you like I do
I don't know why I just do
I don't know why you thrill me like you do
I don't know why you, just do
You never seem to want my romancing
Ah, the only time you hold me is when we're dancing
I don't know why I love you like I do I don't know why I just do I don't know why I love ya like I do
I don't know why I just do
I don't know why you thrill me like you do
I don't know why but you do
You never seem to want my romancing
Ah, the only time you hold me is when we're dancing
I don't know why I love ya like I do
I don't know why I just do Peg o my heart
I'll love you don't let us part
I love you I always knew it would be you
Since I heard your lilting laughter
It's your Irish heart I'm after. Peg o my heart
Your glances make my heart say
How's chances come be my own
Come make your home in my heart, Just in time, I found you just in time
Before you came my time was running low
I was lost, the losing dice were tossed
My bridges all were crossed, no where to go Now you're here, now I know just where I'm going
No more doubt or fears I've found my way
For love came just in time, you found me just in time
And changed my lonely life that lucky day Now you're here, now I know just where I'm going
No more doubt or fears I've found my way
For love came just in time, you found me just in time
And changed my lonely life that lucky day She walks like an angel walks,
She talks like an angel talks,
And her hair has a kind of curl,
To my mind, she's my kind of girl.
She's wise like an angel's wise,
With eyes like an angel's eyes,
And a smile like a kind of pearl,
To my mind, she's my kind of girl.
A pretty little face,
That face just knocks me off my feet,
A pretty little feet,
She's really sweet enough to eat.
She looks like an angel looks,
She cooks like an angel cooks,
And my mind in a kind of whirl,
To my mind, she's my kind of girl.
Hmmm, pretty little face,
That face just knocks me off my feet,
Pretty little feet,
She's really sweet enough to eat.
She looks like an angel looks,
And she cooks like an angel cooks,
And my mind in a kind of whirl,
To my mind, she's my kind of girl.
Yes, my poor heart's in a whirl,
She's just my kind, she's a girl.
And I'm glad. Every minute every hour
My love grows in every way, Every minute every hour
That's the way it goes everyday.
How I wish the days were longer
Every minute one more thrill, Every hour it grows stronger
And it always will.
I live for tomorrow
For I know what's in store, I can be sure that tomorrow
Will be sweeter than before.
I'll do all that's in my power
Just to keep the old ways new, Every minute every hour
I'll spend loving you.
Every minute every hour
I'll spend loving you It's June in January
Because I'm in love
It always is spring in my heart
With you in my arms The snow is just white blossoms
That fall from above
And here is the reason my dear
Your magical charms The night is cold
The trees are bare
But I can feel the scent of roses in the air
It's June in January
But only because I'm in love with you 
The night is cold
The trees are bare
But I can feel the scent of roses in the air
It's June in January
But only because I'm in love with you With Peggy Lee 
If you were to ask me who the sweetest one I knew was
I'd say you was
If you were to ask me who my favorite point of view was
I'd say you was
When you're not near my heart is inclined to waste away
But when you're here the funny part is
My heart is a spherical lyrical miracle all the day
If you were to ask me who the apple of your eye was
I'd say I was
If you were to ask me who your sweet potato pie was
I'd say I was
Supposing you paid a visit to a certain preacher
Supposing you overheard me practicing I do
And you were to ask me who the bride and groom to be was
I'd say we was
Me and you
I've got a heart that hollers when you're not close to me
But when you're near it sorta follows
There isn't a lovelier heaven or bubblier place to be
If I were to ask you who the girl I'd glorify was
I'd say I was
If I were to ask you who the boy I'd like to tie was
I'd say I was
Supposing you heard that I was shopping for a trousseau
Supposing I bought you something old and something new
And you were to ask us who the bride and groom to be was
I'd say we was me and you
You was
You was
You was
I was
We was me and you I don't know what I'm doing more than half of the time When the party is over and the laughter is through
And the last song stops playing I'll be thinking of you
For there's such a sweet memory when you're crossing my mind
I don't know what I'm doing more than half of the time I don't know what I'm doing with this drink in my hand
Guess I just gone to pieces like a ship on the sand
Your sweet name I keep calling while you jumble my mind
I don't know what I'm doing more than half of the time
I don't know what I'm doing more than half of the time I may never find sunshine if I'd never find you
So I'll search all the places where the lights burning blue
Oh you just might be lonesome when I'm fooling my mind
I don't know what I'm doing more than half of the time
I don't know what I'm doing more than half of the time Up in the mornin, out on the job
I work like the devil for my pay
I know that lucky old sun
Has nothin to do
But to roll around heaven all day
I fuss with my woman and I toy with my kids
I sweat til I'm wrinkled and gray
I know that lucky old sun
Has nothin to do
But roll around heaven all day.
Yea, Lord above don't you see I'm pinin
I got tears all in my eyes
Why don't you send down that cloud
With the silver linin
Lift me up to paradise.
Show me that river
Why don't you take me across
And wash all my troubles away
I know that lucky old sun
He's got nothin to do
But just roll around heaven all day.
Send down that cloud
With the silver linin
Lift me up to paradise
Show me that river
And take me across
Wash all my troubles away
And I know the lucky old sun
He's got nothin to do
But roll around heaven all day.
Yes sir, he got nothin
But roll around heaven all day.
I say he just roll around heaven all day.
Now you say it,
Roll around heaven all day.
Yes Lord, Way down on the levee in old Alabamy
There's daddy and mammy, there's Efran and Sammy
On a moonlight night you can find them all
While they are waiting the banjos are syncopating
What's that they're saying, what's that they're saying
Well while they keep playing I'm humming and swaying
It's the good ship Robert E. Lee that's come to carry the cotton away Watch them shuffle along
See them shuffle along
Oh take your best gal real pal go down to the levee
I said the levee
Join the shuffling throng
Hear the music and song
It's simply great mate waiting on the levee
Waiting for the Robert E. Lee Whistles are blowing smokestacks are showing
The ropes they are throwing, excuse me I'm going
To the place where all is harmonious
Even the preacher they say is the dancing teacher
Have you been down there say were you around there
If you ever go there you'll always be found there
Why doggone here comes my baby on the good ship Robert E. Lee Watch them shuffle along
See them shuffle along
Oh take your best gal your real pal go down to the levee
I said the levee
Join the shuffling throng
Hear the music and song
It's simply great mate waiting on the levee
Waiting for the Robert E. Lee My mom gave me a nickel to buy a pickle
But I didn't buy a pickle I bought some chewin gum
Chew chew chew chewin gum
How I love chewin gum
Well I'm crazy over chewin gum
I chew chew chew My aunt gave me a quarter
For soda water
But I didn't buy no water
I bought some chewin gum
Chew chew chew chewin gum
How I love chewin gum
Well I'm crazy over chewin gum
What can I do I chew all day the way it seems
I'm even blowing bubbles in my dreams My pop gave me a dollar
To buy a collar
Well you should have heard him holler
When I bought chewin gum
Chew chew chew chew chew chewin gum
How I love chewin gum
I'm crazy over chewin gum
I chew chew chew I chew the day the way it seems
I'm even blowing bubbles in my dreams
My pop gave me a dollar
To buy a collar
Well you should have heard him holler
When I bought chewin gum
Chew chew chew chew chew chewin gum
How I love chewin gum
I'm crazy over chewin gum
I chew chew and chew You're nobody til somebody loves you
You're nobody til somebody cares You may be king, you may possess the world
And it's gold but gold won't bring you
Happiness when you're growing old The world still is the same
You'll never change it
As sure as the stars shine above You're nobody til somebody loves you
So find yourself somebody to love The world still is the same
You'll never change it
As sure as the stars shine above Well, you're nobody til somebody loves you
So find yourself somebody to love 
Love is a flower
That blooms so tender
Each kiss a dew drop
Of sweet surrender Love is a moment
Of life enchanting
Let's take that moment
That tonight is granting There's no tomorrow
When love is new
Now is forever
When love is true
So kiss me and hold me tight
There's no tomorow
There's just tonight There's no tomorrow
When love is new
Now is forever
When love is true So kiss me and hold me tight
There's no tomorow
There's just tonight 

When they begin the beguine
It brings back the sound of music so tender,
It brings back a night of tropical splendor,
It brings back a memory evergreen. I'm with you once more under the stars,
And down by the shore an orchestra's playing
And even the palms seem to be swaying
When they begin the beguine. To live it again is past all endeavor,
Except when that tune clutches my heart,
And there we are, swearing to love forever,
And promising never, never to part. What moments divine, what rapture serene,
Till clouds came along to disperse the joys we had tasted,
And now when I hear people curse the chance that was wasted,
I know but too well what they mean; So don't let them begin the beguine
Let the love that was once a fire remain an ember;
Let it sleep like the dead desire I only remember
When they begin the beguine. Oh yes, let them begin the beguine, make them play
Till the stars that were there before return above you,
Till you whisper to me once more,
Darling, I love you!
And we suddenly know, what heaven we're in,
When they begin the beguine The loveliness of Paris
Seems somehow sadly gay
The glory that was Rome
Is of another day
I've been terribly alone and forgotten in Manhattan
And I'm coming home to my city by the bay I left my heart in San Francisco
High on a hill, it calls to me
To be where little cable cars
Climb halfway to the stars!
And the morning fog will chill the air My love waits there my love waits there in San Francisco
Above the blue and windy sea
When I come home to you, San Francisco,
Your golden sun will shine for me! I left my heart in San Francisco
High on a hill, it calls to me
To be where little cable cars
Climb halfway to the stars!
And the morning fog will chill the air I don't care My love waits there in San Francisco
Above the blue and windy sea
When I come When I come home to you, San Francisco,
Your golden sun will shine for me! Yeah One day we walked along the sand
One day in early spring
You held a piper in your hand
To mend its broken wing
Now I'll remember many a day
And many a lonely mile
The echo of a piper's song
The shadow of a smile The shadow of your smile
When you are gone
Will color all my dreams
And light the dawn
Look into my eyes
My love and see
All the lovely things
You are to me Our wistful little star
Was far too high
A teardrop kissed your lips
And so did I
Now when I remember spring
All the joy that love can bring
I will be remembering
The shadow of your smile I remember you
You're the one who made my dreams come true
A few kisses ago I remember you
You're the one who said I love you, too
Yes, I do, didn't you know? I remember, too, a distant bell and stars that fell
Like the rain out of the blue When my life is through
And the angels ask me to recall
The thrill of them all
Then I shall tell them I remember you I remember, too, a distant bell and stars that fell
Just like the rain out of the blue When my life is through
And the angels ask me to recall
The thrill of them all
Then I shall tell them I remember you Gray skies are gonna clear up
Put on a happy face
Brush off the clouds and cheer up
Put on a happy face Take off the gloomy mask of tragedy
It's not your style
You'll look so good that you'll be glad
You decide to smile Pick out a pleasant outlook
Stick out that noble chin
Wipe off that full of doubt look
Slap on a happy grin And spread sunshine all over the place
And put on a happy face Gray skies are gonna clear up
Put on a happy face
Brush off the clouds and cheer up
Put on a happy face And if you're feeling cross and bickerish
Don't sit and whine
Think of banana splits and licorice
And you'll feel fine I knew a girl so gloomy
She'd never laugh or sing
She wouldn't listen to me
Now she's a mean old thing So spread sunshine all over the place
And put on a happy, happy face
Put on a happy, happy, happy face
Oh, come on bubby, smile its your birthday If I ruled the world,
Every day would be the first day of spring,
Every heart would have a new song to sing,
And we'd sing of the joy every morning would bring. If I ruled the world,
Every man would be as free as a bird,
Every voice would be a voice to be heard,
Take my word we would treasure each day that occurred. My world would be a beautiful place,
Where we would weave such wonderful dreams.
My world would wear a smile on its face,
Like the man in the moon has when the moon beams. If I ruled the world,
Every man would say the world was his friend,
There'd be happiness that no man coud end,
No my friend, not if I ruled the world. Every head would be held up high,
There'd be sunshine in everyone's sky,
If the day ever dawned when I ruled the world I see trees of green, red roses too.
I see them bloom for me and you,
And I think to myself, what a wonderful world. I see skies of blue and clouds of white.
The bright blessed day, the dark sacred night,
And I think to myself, what a wonderful world. The colors of the rainbow, so pretty in the sky
Are also on the faces of people going by,
I hear Louis playing, and singing too
He's really saying, I love you. I hear babies cry, I watch them grow,
They'll learn much more, than we'll ever know.
And I think to myself, what a wonderful world. They're really saying, I love you.
I hear babies cry, I watch them grow,
They'll learn much more, than we'll ever know.
And I think to myself, what a wonderful world. Yeah, Louis Armstrong is right, kids
What a wonderful world. Oh, the good life
Full of fun, seems to be the ideal
Mmm, the good life
Lets you hide all the sadness you feel
You won't really fall in love
For you can't take the chance
So please, be honest
With yourself
Don't try to fake romance, It's the good life
To be free, and explore the unknown
Like the heartaches
When you learn you must face them alone
Please remember
I still want you
And in case, you wonder why,
Well, just wake up
Kiss the good life goodbye, Now, out of the night
Soft as the dawn
Into the light
This Child
Innocent Child
Soft as a fawn
This Child is born One small heart
One pair of eyes
One work of art
Here in my arms
Here he lies
Trusting and warm
Blessed this morn
A Child is born One small heart
One pair of eyes
One work of art
Here in my arms
Here he lies
Trusting and warm
Blessed this morn
A Child is born When lonely feelings chill
The meadows of your mind
Just think if winter comes
Can spring be far behind? Beneath the deepest snows
The secret of a rose
Is merely that it knows
You must believe in spring Just as a tree is sure
Its leaves will reappear
It knows its emptiness
Is just a time of year The frozen mountains dreams
Of April's melting streams
How crystal clear it seems
You must believe in spring You must believe in love
And trust it's on its way
Just as a sleeping rose
Awaits the kiss of May So in a world of snow
Of things that come and go
Where what you think you know
You can't be certain of
You must believe in spring and love You must believe in love
And trust it's on its way
Just as a sleeping rose
Awaits the kiss of May So in a world of snow
Of things that come and go
Where what you think you know
You can't be certain of
You must believe in spring and love I used to be so fancy free but really lonesome as can be
Till one lucky day you came my way
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you
I used to think there'd never be a girl who'd ever care for me
Then what do you know you made it so
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you
When you kissed me
I felt the seasons change from winter to Spring
When you kissed me
I lost my reason cause I heard the birds sing
I felt like a king
And now I have to rub my eyes each time I try to realize
That your love is mine ain't it just fine
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you
Since I found you I feel the entire universe reel
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you
I'm the happiest boy cause you bring me nothing but joy
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you
When you kissed me
I felt the seasons change from winter to Spring
When you kissed me
I lost my reason cause I heard the birds sing
I felt like a king
And now I have to rub my eyes each time I try to realize
That your love is mine ain't it just fine
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you
I never knew what love was all about
Until I met you 
MOONGLOW
It must have been moonglow
way up in the blue,
it must have been moonglow
that led me straight to you.
I still hear you saying
dear one, hold me fast
and I start in praying
oh Lord, please let this last.
We seemed to float right through the air,
heavenly songs seem to come from everywhere.
And now when there's moonglow
way up in the blue
I always remember
that moonglow gave me you.
- Will Hudson, Eddie DeLange, Irving Mills After watching her appear
From every angle
There's a big, romantic deal I've got to wrangle
For I've fallen for a certain lovely lass
And its not a passing fancy or a fancy pass I love the look of you, and the lure of you
The sweet of you, and the pure of you
The eyes, the arms, and the that mouth of you
The east, west, north, and the that south of you
I'd love to gain complete control of you
Handle even the heart and soul of you
Love at least a small percent of me do
Cause I love all of you My heart is sad and lonely
For you, I sigh, for you, dear only
Why haven't you seen it, I'm all for you Body and soul I spend my days in longing
Wondering why it's me that you're wronging
I tell, you I mean it, I'm all for you Body and soul I can't believe it, it's hard to conceive it
That you'd turn away, romance
Are you pretending, it looks like the ending
Unless, I could have one more chance to prove, dear My life a wreck, you're making
You know, I'm yours for just the taking
I'd gladly surrender myself to you Body and soul My life a wreck, you're making
You know I'm yours for just the very taking
I'd gladly surrender myself to you Body and soul Start spreading the news, I'm leaving today
I want to be a part of it, New York, New York
These vagabond shoes, are longing to stray
Right through the very heart of it, New York, New York I want to wake up in a city, that doesn't sleep
And find I'm king of the hill, top of the heap These little town blues, are melting away
I'm gonna make a brand new start of it, in old New York
If I can make it there, I'll make it anywhere
It's up to you, New York, New York New York, New York
I want to wake up in a city, that never sleeps
To find I'm a number one, head of the list,
Cream of the crop at the top of the heap. These little town blues, are melting away
I'm gonna make a brand new start of it, in old New York
If I can make it there, I'm gonna make it anywhere
It's up to you, New York, New York My romance, doesn't need to have a moon in the sky
My romance, doesn't need a blue lagoon standing by
No month of May, no twinkling stars
No hideaway, no soft guitar My romance doesn't need a castle rising in Spain
Or a dance to a constantly surprising refrain
All at once I can make my most fantastic dreams come true
My romance, doesn't need a thing but you My romance doesn't need a castle rising in Spain
Or a dance to a constantly surprising refrain
And wide awake, I can make my most fantastic dreams come true
My romance, doesn't need a thing but you, but you 
The two lonely people
sit silently staring,
Their eyes looking coldly ahead,
The two lonely people
once loved and were caring,
but now that's all over and dead. They don't know what happened,
They can't think what happened,
They had something fine of their own,
But the two lonely people
have turned into statues,
yes, turned into statues of stone. The world was their moon once,
A yellow balloon once,
It held all their hopes and their dreams,
But then time came and broke them,
reality woke them,
The world's not so pretty it seems. For love that once mattered,
Is old now and battered,
But must it be shattered in two?
The two lonely people,
Would give all their life,
Yes, they'd give all their life if they knew. 
The two lonely people
sit silently staring,
Their eyes looking coldly ahead. 
The two lonely people
sit silently staring,
Their eyes looking coldly ahead. 
I call her Firefly
Cause, oh, my
She radiates moonglow
Wants none of that noon glow
She starts to glitter
When the sun goes down Bout eight p.m., it's mayhem
She switches the brights up
Lights up and gives me a call
Take me to the Fireflies ball But when I get her there
Set her there
Do I get to pet her there
And grab me some glow No, she's a gad about, mad about
Luring every lad about
While leaving me moaning low Oh, Firefly, why can't I
Latch onto you no how
Oh, how I love you but gee
While you set the night on
Firefly, shine a little light on me But when I get her there
Set her there
Do I get to pet her there
And grab me some glow No, she's a gad about, mad about
Luring every lad about
While leaving me moaning low Oh, Firefly, why can't I
Latch on for you no how
Oh, how I love you but gee
While you set the night on
Firefly, shine a little light on
Shine a little light on
Shine a little light on me
in the mornin Love is funny, or it's sad
or it's quiet, or it's mad
it's a good thing or it's bad
but beautiful,
Beautiful to take a chance and if you fall you fall
and I'm thinking I wouldn't mind at all, Love is tearful, or it's gay
it's a problem or it's play
It's a heartache either way
but beautiful,
And I'm thinking if you were mine I'd never let you go.
and that would be but beautiful I know. 
I wanna be around to pick up the pieces
When somebody breaks your heart
Some somebody twice as smart as I A somebody who will swear to be true
As you used to do with me
Who'll leave you to learn
That misery loves company, wait and see I mean, I wanna be around to see how he does it
When he breaks your heart to bits
Let's see if the puzzle fits so fine And that's when I'll discover that revenge is sweet
As I sit there applaudin from a front-row seat
When somebody breaks your heart
Like you, like you broke mine For once in my life I have someone who needs me
Someone I've needed so long
For once, unafraid, I can go where life leads me
Somehow I know I'll be strong For once I can touch what my heart used to dream of
Long before I knew
Oooh Someone warm like you
Would make my dream come true Yeah yeah yeah For once in my life I won't let sorrow hurt me
Not like it hurt me before
For once, I have something I know won't desert me
I'm not alone anymore For once, I can say, this is mine, you can't take it
As long as I know I have love, I can make it
For once in my life, I have someone who needs me HE He He Hey yeah
Ooh baby ooh baby For once in my life I won't let sorrow hurt me
Not like it hurt me before
For once, I have something I know won't desert me
I'm not alone anymore For once, I can say, this is mine, you can't take it
Long as I know I have love, I can make it
For once in my life, I have someone who needs me For once in my life
Yeah Somebody like my
Ooh baby Chicago, Chicago, that toddlin town
Chicago, Chicago, I'll show you around
Bet your bottom dollar you'll lose the blues in Chicago
Chicago, the town that Mart Faye could not shut down On State Street, that great street
I just want to say
They do things that they don't do on Broadway, say They have the time, the time of their life
I saw a man, he danced with his wife
In Chicago, my home town They have the time, the time of their life
I saw a man, he danced with his wife
In Chicago
In Chicago
In Chicago The night is like a lovely tune
Beware, my foolish heart
How white, the ever constant moon
Take care, my foolish heart There's a line between love and fascination
That's hard to see, on an evening such as this
For they both give the very same sensation
When you're lost in the magic of a kiss Her lips, are much too close to mine
Beware, my foolish heart
But should our eager lips combine
Then let the fire start For this time, it isn't fascination
Or a dream that will fade and fall apart
It's love this time, it's love my foolish heart
My foolish heart For this time, it isn't fascination
Or a dream that will fade and fall apart
It's love this time, it's love my foolish heart My foolish heart
My foolish heart
Poor foolish heart I'll be seeing you;
In all the old, familiar places;
That this heart of mine embraces;
All day through. In that small cafe;
The park across the way;
The children's carousel;
The chestnut tree;
The wishing well. I'll be seeing you;
In every lovely, summer's day;
And everything that's bright and gay;
I'll always think of you that way;
I'll find you in the morning sun;
And when the night is new;
I'll be looking at the moon;
But I'll be seeing you. Listen how our happy hearts are beating
Like the ocean beats upon the sand
And our feet in rhythm keep repeating
Every little movement of the band Sweet music soft and mellow
Soothing and slow
Strains of a mellow cello
When lights are low Dear, we're so close together
I love you so
Why think about the weather
When lights are low? Who hearts revealing
Music hath charms
Life's so appealing
With inspiration in your arms Our lips meeting soft and tender
Love's all aglow
Why shouldn't we surrender
When lights are low? Sweet music soft and mellow
Strains of a mellow cello I mean dear, we're so close together
Why think about the weather
When lights are low? Who hearts revealing
Music hath charms
Life's so appealing
With inspiration in your arms Our lips meeting soft and tender
Love's all aglow
Why shouldn't we surrender
When lights are low?
When lights are low? I've got your number
I know you inside out
You ain't no Eagle Scout
You're all at sea Oh yes, you brag a lot
Wave your own flag a lot
But you're unsure a lot
You're a lot like me, oh I've got your number
And what you're looking for
And what you're looking for
Just suits me fine We'll break the rules a lot
We'll be damn fools a lot
But then why should we not
How could we not combine when I've got your number
And I've got the glow you've got
I've got your number
And more So go ahead and pick a number
From 1 to 10
You're losing streak is over
I can't win again
And here's the punchline
You've got mine How do you keep the music playing?
How do you make it last?
How do you keep a song from fading too fast? How do you lose yourself to someone?
And never lose your way
How do you not run out of new things to say? And since we know we're always changing
Why should it be the same?
And tell me how year after year
You're sure your heart will fall apart
Each time you hear her name I know the way you feel for her, it's now or never
The more I love, the more that I'm afraid
That in her eyes, I may not see forever, forever If you can be the best of lovers
Yet be the best of friends
If we can try with everyday to make it better
As it grows, with any luck, then I suppose
The music never ends I know the way I feel for her, it's now or never
How do you keep the music playing?
How do you make it last?
The more I love, the more that I'm afraid
That in her eyes, I may not see forever, forever If you can be the best of lovers
Yet be the best of friends
If we can try with everyday to make it better
As it grows, with any luck, then I suppose
The music never, never, never ends You and I, an unmatched pair
Took the time to touch, to share
Worlds apart the night we met
We braved the odds and won the bet Not perfect yet
But close enough for love How old-fashioned, pure romance
Shared a kiss, we shared a dance
Shared the body and bouquet
We'll taste the wine another day When you and I
Are close enough for love Not just lovers, more than friends
Who knows where one starts and one ends
Tracing lights through sleepless nights
That I'll remember always, always Long goodbyes and tearful looks
Hold up well in poems and in books
But you and I have life to hold
The greatest story never told Not perfect yet
But close enough for love Someday, when I'm awfully low
When the world is cold
I will feel a glow
Just thinking of you
And the way you look tonight Oh, but you're lovely
With your smile so warm
And your cheek so soft
There is nothing for me
But to love you
Just the way you look tonight With each word your tenderness grows
Tearing my fears apart
And that laugh
That wrinkles your nose
Touches my foolish heart Lovely
Never, ever change
Keep that breathless charm
Won't you please arrange it
Cause I, I love you
Just the way you look tonight
Just the way you look tonight, When in Spain, for reasons I don't explain,
I remain enjoying a brew,
Don't deplore my fondness for Fundador
You know how a Fundador can lead to a few
And baby when in Rome, I do as the Romans do. If per chance I'm saying farewell to France,
And romance drops in from the blue;
Cher amour, I beg of you, please endure
My taking a brief detour with somebody new
It's just that when in Rome, I do as the Romans do. And though from Italy I lie to you prettily,
Why think of me bitterly? You know that I'm true
Cept now and then in Rome, I get that old yen in Rome
And naturally when in Rome, I do as the Romans do. If I write happily, Best wishes from Napoli,
Don't cable me snappily to tell me we're through,
Cause once again in Rome, in somebody's den in Rome
Well pussycat, when in Rome, I do as the Romans,
Disregard the signs and the omens,
When in Rome I do as the Romans do. from the Bill Evans & Tony Bennett Album Where has the time all gone to
Haven't done half the things we want to
Oh well, We'll catch up some other time This day was just a token
Too many words are still unspoken
Oh Well, we'll catch up some other time Just when the fun is starting
comes the time for parting
let's just be glad for what we had
And what's to come There's some much more embracing
Still to be done but time is racing
Oh Well, we'll catch up some other time. The touch of your lips
When troubles get me
Cares beset me
And won't le me go
I turn to you
For consolation
There I find
New peace of mind
To leave behind my woe
I turn to you
As I shall always do
The touch of your lips
Upon my brow
Your lips that are cool And sweet
Such tenderness
Lies in their soft caress
My heart forgets to beat!
The touch of your hands
Upon my head
The love in your eyes
A shine
And now, at last,
The moment divine
The touch of your lips
On mine,
The love in your eyes
The touch of your lips
On mine, If we never meet again
I'll have a rose to remember
And tha snows of December
Will bring you back to me If we never meet again
I'll fall asleep in the flowers
And dream of the hours
We spent in ecstasy The leaves in the fall
Will recall the beauty
I found in your eyes
The birds in the Spring
When they sing will tell me
That love never dies If we never meet again
As sure as heaven above you
Forever I'll love you
If we never meet again The leaves in the fall
Will recall the beauty
I found in your eyes
The birds in the Spring
When they sing will tell me
That love never dies If we never meet again
As sure as heaven above you
Forever I'll love you
If we never meet again Someday she'll come along, the girl I love
Her smile will be a song, the girl I love
And when she comes my way
I'll do my best to make her stay
I'll look at her and smile,
She'll understand
And in a little while I'll take her hand
And though it seems absurd
I know we both won't say a word
Maybe I will meet her Sunday
Maybe Monday, maybe not
But I'm sure I'll meet her one day
Maybe Tuesday will be my good news day
I'll build a little home, just meant for two
From which we'll never roam; Who would, would you?
And so all else above I'm waiting for the girl I love
Someday she'll come along, the girl I love
Her smile will be a song, the girl I love
When she comes my way
I'll do my best to make her stay
I'll build a little home, just meant for two
From which we'll never roam; Who would, would you?
So all else above I'm waiting for the girl,
The girl I love Once we were foolish children
Playing as children play
Racing through a meadow April bright
Dreaming on a hilltop half the night
Now that we're growing older
We have no time to play
Now that we're growing wiser
We are not wise enough to stay Young and foolish
Why is it wrong to be
Young and foolish?
We haven't long to be
Soon enough the carefree days
The sunlit days go by
Soon enough the bluebird has to fly We were foolish
One day we fell in love
Now we wonder
What were we dreaming of
Smiling in the sunlight
Laughing in the rain
I wish that we were young and foolish again 
In olden days, a glimpse of stocking
Was looked on as something shocking
Now heaven knows
Anything goes
Good authors too who once knew better words
Now only use four letter words
Writing prose
Anything goes
The world has gone mad today
And good's bad today
And black's white today
And day's night today
When most guys today, that women prize today
Are just silly gigolos
So though I'm not a great romancer I know that you're bound to answer
When I propose
That anything goes
Anything goes
The world has gone mad today
And good's bad today
And black's white today
And day's night today
When most guys today, that women prize today
Are just silly gigolos
So though I'm not a great romancer
I know that you're bound to answer
When I propose
Anything goes, Anything goes
Anything goes Without a song, the day would never end
Without a song, the road would never bend
When things go wrong, a man ain't got a friend
Without a song That field of corn, would never see a plow
That field of corn, would be deserted now
A man is born, but he's no good no how
Without a song I've got my troubles and woe, but sure as I know
The Jordan will roll
I'll get along, as long as a song
Is strung in my soul I'll never know, what makes the grass so tall
I'll never know, what makes the rain to fall
I only know, there ain't no love at all
Without a song Today is just another day, tomorrow is a guess
But yesterday, oh, what I'd give for yesterday
To relive one yesterday and its happiness When Joanna loved me
Every town was Paris
Every day was Sunday
Every month was May When Joanna loved me
Every sound was music
Music made of laughter
Laughter that was bright and gay But when Joanna left me
May became December
But, even in December, I remember
Her touch, her smile, and for a little while She loves me
And once again it's Paris
Paris on a Sunday
And the month is May The very thought of you
and I forget to do
those little ordinary things
that everyone ought to do.
I'm living in a kind of daydream,
I'm happy as a king. And foolish though it may seem, to me that's everything.
The mere idea of you.
The longing here for you.
You'll never know how slow
the moments go
till I'm near to you. I see your face in every flower.
Your eyes in stars above.
It's just the thought of you,
the very thought of you, my love. You'll never know how slow
the moments go
till I'm near to you. I see your face in every flower.
Your eyes in stars above.
It's just the thought of you,
the very thought of you, my love. Close your eyes
Rest your head on my shoulder and sleep
Close your eyes
And I will close mine
Close your eyes
Let's pretend that we're both counting sheep Close your eyes
This is divine
Music playing
Something dreamy for dancing
while we're romancing
Its love's holiday
And love will be our guide
Close your eyes When you open them dear I'll be near
By your side
So won't you close your eyes? 
I walk along the street of sorrow
The boulevard of broken dreams
Where Gigolo and Gigolette
Can take a kiss without regret
and so forget their broken dreams. 
You laugh today and cry tomorrow
When you behold your shattered schemes
And Gigolo and Gigolette wake up to find
their eyes are wet with tears that tell of broken dreams. 
Here is where you'll always find me
Always walking up and down
But I left my soul behind me
in an old cathedral town  
The joy that you find here, you borrow
You cannot keep it long it seems
But Gigolo and Gigolette
Still sing a song and dance along
The boulevard of broken dreams.
Come on along and listen to
The lullaby of Broadway
The hip hooray and ballyhoo
The lullaby of Broadway
The rumble of a subway train
The rattle of the taxis
The daffodils who entertain
At Angelo's and Maxi's When a Broadway baby says good night
It's early in the morning
Manhattan babies don't sleep tight
Until the dawn Good night, baby
Good night, the milkman's on his way
Sleep tight, baby
Sleep tight, let's call it a day
Hey! 
The band begins to go to town
And everyone goes crazy
You rock-a-bye your baby round
Til everything gets hazy
Hush-a-bye, I'll buy you this and that
You hear a daddy saying
And baby goes home to her flat
To sleep all day Good night, baby
Good night, the milkman's on his way
Sleep tight, baby
Sleep tight, let's call it a day Listen to the lullaby
Of old, Broad, way, Grab your coat and get your hat, leave your worries at the doorstep
Just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street
Life can be so sweet
On the sunny side of the street
Can't you hear the pitter pat? And that happy tune is your step
Life can be complete on the sunny side of the street I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade
But I'm not afraid because this rover crossed over If I never had a cent I'd be as rich as Rockefeller
With gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade
But I'm not afraid because this rover crossed over And if I never had a cent I'd be rich as Rockefeller
Gold dust at my feet
On the sunny side of the street As I approach the prime of my life
I find I have the time of my life
Learning to enjoy at my leisure
All the simple pleasures
And so I happily concede
That this is all I ask
This is all I need Beautiful girls, 
walk a little slower when you walk by me
Lingering sunsets, 
stay a little longer with the lonely sea
Children everywhere, 
when you shoot at bad men, shoot at me
Take me to that strange, 
enchanted land grown-ups seldom understand Wandering rainbows, 
leave a bit of color for my heart to own
Stars in the sky, 
make my wish come true before the night has flown
And let the music play as long as there's a song to sing
And I will stay younger than Spring Time is so old and love so brief
Love is pure gold and time a thief Speak low when you speak love
Our summer's day withers away too soon, too soon
Speak low when you speak love
Our moment is swift like ships adrift
We sail apart too soon Speak low when you speak love
Love is a spark, lost in the dark too soon, too soon
I feel that wherever I go that tomorrow is near
Tomorrow is here and always too soon Time is so old and love so brief
Love is pure gold and time a thief We're late, darling, we're late
The curtain descends, everything ends too soon, too soon
I wait, darling, I wait
Will you speak low to me, speak love to me?
Speak low to me and soon
Speak low, speak low
Speak love Yesterday I heard the rain
Whispering your name
Asking where you'd gone It fell softly from the clouds
On the silent crowds
As I wandered on Out of doorways black umbrellas
Came to pursue me
Faceless people as they passed
Were looking through me
No one knew me Esta tarde de llover, vi gente correr y no estabas tú
Yesterday I saw a city full of shadows without pity
And I heard the steady rain whispering your name
Whispering your name Y no estabas tú Here I go again
I hear the trumpets blow again
I'm all aglow again
Taking a chance on love Here I slide again
About to take the ride again
I'm starry eyed again
Taking a chance on love Now I thought the cards were a frame up
And I never would try
But now I'm taking the game up
And the Ace of Hearts is high Things are mending now
I see a rainbow blending now
We'll have a happy ending now
We're taking a chance I hear the trumpets blow again
And we're taking a chance
About to take that ride again
Taking a chance Now I walk around with a horseshoe
And in clover I lie
Mister Rabbit, Mister Rabbit of course you
Better kiss that foot good-bye I'm on the ball again
Riding for a fall again
I'm gonna give my all again
Taking a chance
I'm taking a chance
I'm taking a chance
On love Thank the Lord I am here at last
Now I found London Town
Never thought I'd live to see
The city on the Thames Where's that sky of grey
Where's that foggy day
The gust winds had their say
But now I'm here to tell you My love went to London
And left me behind
I'm going to London
And I'll find her Piccadilly Circus
Come meet her
Or I'll rush right up to her
And lovingly I'll greet her My love went to London
I'm missing her so
I'm going to London
Where my love is Tomorrow I'll roam around
Old fabulous London Town
I'll search every face I see around me
Until I hold London in my arms Tomorrow I'll roam around
Old fabulous London Town
I'll search every face I see around me
Until I hold London in my arms I used to think it might be fun to be
Anyone else but me
I thought that it would be a pleasant surprise
To wake up as a couple of other guys But now that I've found you
I've changed my point of view
And now I wouldn't give a dime to be
Anyone else but me Oh, what a day
Fortune smiled and came my way
Bringing love I never thought I'd see
I'm so lucky to be me What a night
Suddenly you came in sight
Looking just the way I'd hope you'd be
I'm so lucky to be me I am simply thunderstruck
At this change in my luck
Knew at once I wanted you
Never dreamed you'd want me too I'm so proud you chose me from all the crowd
There's no other guy I'd rather be
Oh, I could laugh out loud
I'm so lucky to be me Yes, I'm so proud you chose me from all the crowd
There's no other guy I'd rather be
Oh, I could laugh out loud
I'm so lucky to be me 
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens
Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens
Brown paper packages tied up with strings
These are a few of my favorite things
Cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels
Doorbells and sleighbells and schnitzel with noodles
Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings
These are a few of my favorite things 
Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes
Snow flakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes
Silver white winters that melt into springs
These are a few of my favorite things
When the dog bites, when the bee stings, when I'm feeling sad
I simply remember my favorite things
Like sliver white winters that melt into springs
And then I don't feel so bad! Once upon a time
A girl with moonlight in her eyes
Put her hand in mine
And said she loved me so
But that was once upon a time
Very long ago Once upon a hill
We sat beneath a willow tree
Counting all the stars and waiting for the dawn
But that was once upon a time
Now the tree is gone How the breeze ruffled up her hair
How we always laughed as though tomorrow wasn't there
We were young and didn't have a care
Where did it go Once upon a time
The world was sweeter than we knew
Everything was ours
How happy we were then
But somehow once upon a time
Never comes again Once upon a time
Never comes again Just in time
I found you just in time
Before you came my time
Was running low
I was lost
The losing dice were tossed
My bridges all were crossed
Nowhere to go
Now you're here
And now I know just where I'm going
No more doubt or fear
I found my way
For love came just in time
You found me just in time
And changed my lonely life that lovely day
I was lost
The losing dice were tossed
My bridges all were crossed
Nowhere to go
Now you're here
And now I know just where I'm going
No more doubt or fear
I found my way
For love came just in time
You found me just in time
And changed my lonely life that lovely day I've got one real friend more than a friend I find
The way I feel friend, she's all of this heart of mine
I'm all for her I know she'll always be for me
I'm on my way friend, I'm going home to see My mom, I love her
My mom, you'd love her
Who wouldn't love her, my mom
That sweet somebody, thinks I'm somebody
My pal, my buddy, my mom Anything I do she's my only inspiration
Anytime I'm blue she's my only consolation As years come on her
I gaze upon her
She's my Madonna
My pal, my buddy, my mom Yes, anything I do she's my only inspiration
Anytime I'm blue she's my only consolation As years come on her
I gaze upon her
She's my Madonna Antonia
Soon you will out grow my arms
Soon enough you'll discover
Other boys have charms Antonia, woman child
Won't be long, you drive em wild
But in the meantime, stay your daddy's girl
And wrap me round your little finger Antonia, take it slow
When it's right, you let me know
But in the meantime let me be the guy
One you turn to till you learn to fly Antonia
Soon you will out grow my arms
Soon enough you'll discover
Other boys have charms Antonia, you will bloom
Leaving me your empty room
And anytime I'm lonely, I can find
The teddy bear and pony Antonia left behind Come a little closer
Stay a little longer
Now the gang is gone
Put Sinatra on
What are you afraid of? Make yourself at home now
You know you can trust me
If I dim a light
Since the fire's bright
What are you afraid of? Who's to know you let yourself go
A kiss or so astray
High, oh the merrier
Blame it on the stereo all the way Baby, take your shoes off
We're not going dancing
Kiss me like before, let the fire roar
Throw another pillow on the floor
Learn what love is made of
What are you afraid of? High, oh the merrier
Blame it on the stereo all the way Baby, take your shoes off
We're not going dancing
Kiss me like before, let the fire roar
Throw another pillow on the floor
Learn what love is made of
What are you afraid of? Put Sinatra on
Now the gang is gone
Do it one more time Where do you start?
How do you separate the present from the past?
How do you deal with all the things you thought
Would last that didn't last? With bits of memories scattered here and there
I look around and don't know where to start Which books are yours?
Which tapes and dreams belong to you and which are mine? Our lives are tangled like the branches
Of a vine that intertwine So many habits that we'll have to break
And yesterdays we'll have to take apart One day there'll be a song or something in the air again
To catch me by surprise and you'll be there again
A moment in what might have been Where do you start?
Do you allow yourself a little time to cry?
Or do you close your eyes and kiss it all goodbye?
I guess you try And though I don't know where
And don't know when
I'll find myself in love again I promise there will always be
A little place no on will see
A tiny part within my heart
That stays in love with you She wore Blue Velvet
Bluer than velvet was the night
Softer than satin was the light
From the stars She wore blue velvet
Bluer than velvet were her eyes
Warmer than May her tender sighs
Love was ours Ours a love I held tightly
Feeling the rapture grow
Like a flame burning brightly
But when she left gone was the glow of She wore Blue Velvet
But in my heart there'll always be
Precious and warm a memory through the years
And I still can see Blue Velvet through my tears I know why I've waited
I know why I've been blue
I prayed each night for someone
Exactly like you Why should we spend money
On a show or two?
You know, no one does those love scenes
Exactly like you You make me feel so grand
I wanna hand the world to you
You seem to understand
Each foolish little scheme I'm schemin
Dream I'm dreamin Now I know why my mama
Taught me to be true
She meant me for someone
Exactly like you I know why I've waited
Know why I've been blue
Prayed each night for someone
Exactly like you Now why should we spend money
On a show for two?
When no one does those love scenes
Exactly like you You make me feel so grand
I want to hand the world to you
You make me understand
Each foolish little scheme I'm schemin
Dream I'm dreamin I know why my mother
Taught me to be true
She meant me for someone
Exactly like you No, exactly like you
Exactly like you
Exactly like you
Exactly like you
No, Tony, exactly like you
Yes, dear Dancing in the dark til the tune ends
We're dancing in the dark and it soon ends
We're waltzing in the wonder of why we're here
Time hurries by, we're here and we're gone Looking for the light of a new love
To brighten up the night, I have you love
And we can face the music together
Dancing in the dark What - though love is old
What - though song is old
Through them we can be young Hear this heart of mine
Wailin all the time
Dear one, tell me that we're one Looking for the light of a new love
To brighten up the night, I have you love
And we can face the music together
Dancing in the dark, Out of the tree of life I just picked me a plum
You came along and everything started to hum
Still, it's a real good bet, the best is yet to come The best is yet to come, and babe, won't it be fine
You think you've seen the sun, but you ain't seen it shine
Wait till the warm-up's underway
Wait till our lips have met
Wait till you see that sunshine day
You ain't seen nothin yet The best is yet to come, and babe, won't it be fine
The best is yet to come, come the day you're mine Come the day you're mine
I'm gonna teach you to fly
We've only tasted the wine
We're gonna drain the cup dry Wait till your charms are right for these arms to surround
You think you've flown before, but you ain't left the ground
Wait till you're locked in my embrace
Wait till I draw you near
Wait till you see that sunshine place
Ain't nothin like it here The best is yet to come, and babe, won't it be fine
The best is yet to come, come the day you're mine, ho-ho,
Out of the tree of life I just picked me a plum,fade Two by two by two
Everybody is two by two by two
Everybody is him and her
Everybody is on and on
Two by two and cookie makes three One has none to lose
By myself I can say and do what I choose
But it's funny when all is said and done
One and one make one
Have you heard the news
The world goes on by twos One has none to lose
By myself I can say and do what I choose
But it's funny when all is said and done
One and one make one
Have you heard the news
The world goes on, and on, and on, and on,
The world goes on by twos
The world goes on, and on, and on,
The world goes on by twos Where the sun sets in the sky
And the flowers never die
And friends don't pass you by
That's my home
Where the folk say, How do you do?
They really mean it too
Whereas mama's love is true
That's my home
I'm always welcome back
No matter where I roam
It's just a little shack
But to me, it's home sweet home
Where the Swanee river flows
And the shady pine trees grow
Then I know, I really know
That's my home
I'm always welcome back
No matter where I roam
It's just a little shack
But to me, it's home sweet home
Where the Swanee river flows
And the shady pine trees grow
And then I know, I really know
That's my home, going home All In Fun We are seen around New York
In the finest stay-up-late cafes,
I am on the town with you these days
That's the way it stands. Just a fellow and a girl,
We have had a little whirl,
And our feet have left the ground a bit.
We've played around a bit,
That's the way it stands. For we are strictly goodtime Charlies
Who like to drink and dance around
And maybe kick romance around
And that's the way it stands. All in fun
This thing is all in fun,
When all is said and done
How far can it go? Some cocktails, some orchids,
A show or two,
A line in a column that links me with you. Just for laughs.
You're with me night and day,
And so the dopes all say
That I'm that way bout you. Here's the laugh
And when I tell you,
This'll kill you!,
What they say is true. Who's the one would find on the beach every day
Lying there on the shore while his friends swim away
Lying there in the sand only inches from you
Watching you every day til the summer was through
It was me Who would help gather shells for the bracelet you made
Who would find you the cups for the pink lemonade?
Who was always beside you whenever you'd swim?
When you sat by the sea as the daylight could end?
It was me, it was me Now that summer is gone and the warm skies are cold
And the soft winds are crisp with their wintry chill
Do you ever think back on the night when we kissed?
Can you ever forget? I know I never will
Who's the one next to you in the group photograph?
Who's the one with the face too unhappy to laugh?
Standing there looking down so uncertain and shy
Like a boy who's in love, so in love he could cry
It was me, it was me Me finding out it was you When you feel as low as the bottom of a well
Can't get out of the mood
Do something to perk yourself up
Change your attitude
Give a tug to your tie
Put a crease in your pants
But if you really wanna feel fine
Give your shoes a shine When there's a shine on your shoes,
there's a melody in your heart,
With a singable, happy feeling,
What a wonderful way to start to face the world every day
With a deedle-um-dee-di-di,
little melody that is making the world go by. When you walk down the street with a happy-go-lucky beat,
You'll find a lot in what I'm repeating
When there's a shine on your shoes,
there's a melody in your heart
What a wonderful way to start the day Heaven
I'm in heaven
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find the happiness I seek
When we're out together dancing cheek to cheek Heaven
I'm in heaven
And the cares that hung around me through the week
Seem to vanish like a gamblers lucky streak
When we're out together dancing cheek to cheek Oh, I love to climb a mountain
And to reach the highest peak
But it doesn't thrill me half as much as dancing cheek to cheek Oh, I love to go out fishing
In a river, or a creek
But I don't enjoy it half as much as dancing cheek to cheek Dance with me
I want my arm about you
That charm about you will carry me through to, Heaven
Yes I'm in heaven
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find that happiness I seek
When we're out together swinging cheek to cheek Come on and dance with me
I want my arm about you
That charm about you will carry me through
Right up to, Heaven
I'm in heaven
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find that happiness I seek
When we're out toghether dancing
Out together dancing
Out together dancing cheek to cheek! 
