Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
And I's feelin' near as faded as my jeans
Bobby thumbed a diesel down, just before it rained
It rode us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna
I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah
Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine
We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', don't mean nothin' hon' if it ain't free, no no
And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
You know, feelin' good was good enough for me
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee From the Kentucky coal mine to the California sun
There Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done
Yeah, Bobby baby kept me from the cold One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away
He's lookin' for that home, and I hope he finds it
But, I'd trade all of my tomorrows, for a single yesterday
To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah
But, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Hey, feelin' good was good enough for me, mm-hmm
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee La da da
La da da da
La da da da da da da da
La da da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da La la da da la da da la da da
La da da da da da da da da
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah Well, I call him my lover, call him my man
I said, I call him my lover did the best I can, c'mon
Hey now, Bobby now
Hey now, Bobby McGhee, yeah Woo
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la la
Hey, hey, hey Bobby McGhee, yeah
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah Didn't I make you feel like you were the only man, yeah,
An' didn't I give you nearly everything that a woman possibly can?
Honey, you know I did!
And each time I tell myself that I, well I've just had enough,
But I'm gonna show you, baby, that a woman can be tough. I said come on, come on, come on, come on and take it,
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby,
Break another little bit of my heart now, darling, yeah.
Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, yeah.
You know you got it if it makes you feel good,
Oh yes indeed.
All right! You're out on the street looking good, honey,
Deep down in your heart I said you know that it ain't right,
Never never never never never never hear me when I cry at night.
Honey, I cry all the time!
And each time I tell myself that I, well I can't stand the pain,
But when you hold me in your arms, I'll sing it once again. I'll say come on, come on, come on, come on and take it!
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby.
Break another little bit of my heart now, darling, yeah,
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, yeah.
You know you got it, child, if it makes you feel good, hey! Now all right! Now come on, come on, come on, come on and take it,
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby.
Break another little bit of my heart, honey, yeah.
Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
You know you got it if it makes you feel good.
Hey! Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
Break it, break it, break it, yeah.
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
You know you got it, child, if it makes you feel good. Maybe
Oh if I could pray and I try, dear
You might come back home, home to me Maybe
Whoa, if I could ever hold your little hand
Oh you might understand
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe dear
I guess I might have done something wrong
Honey I'd be glad to admit it
Oh, come on home to me!
Honey maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe yeah Well I know that it just doesn't ever seem to matter, baby
Oh honey, when I go out or what I'm trying to do
Can't you see I'm still left here
And I'm holding on in needing you Please, please, please, please
Oh won't you reconsider babe
Now come on, I said come back
Won't you come back to me! Maybe dear, oh maybe, maybe, maybe
Let me help you show me how
Honey, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe
Maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah
Maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah
Ooh! Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends.
Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends,
So Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV?
Dialing For Dollars is trying to find me.
I wait for delivery each day until three,
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town?
I'm counting on you, Lord, please don't let me down.
Prove that you love me and buy the next round,
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town? Everybody!
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends,
Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends,
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
And I's feelin' near as faded as my jeans
Bobby thumbed a diesel down, just before it rained
It rode us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna
I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah
Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine
We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', don't mean nothin' hon' if it ain't free, no no
And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
You know, feelin' good was good enough for me
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee From the Kentucky coal mine to the California sun
There Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done
Yeah, Bobby baby kept me from the cold One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away
He's lookin' for that home, and I hope he finds it
But, I'd trade all of my tomorrows, for a single yesterday
To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah
But, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Hey, feelin' good was good enough for me, mm-hmm
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee La da da
La da da da
La da da da da da da da
La da da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da La la da da la da da la da da
La da da da da da da da da
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah Well, I call him my lover, call him my man
I said, I call him my lover did the best I can, c'mon
Hey now, Bobby now
Hey now, Bobby McGhee, yeah Woo
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la la
Hey, hey, hey Bobby McGhee, yeah
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah Didn't I make you feel like you were the only man, yeah,
An' didn't I give you nearly everything that a woman possibly can?
Honey, you know I did!
And each time I tell myself that I, well I've just had enough,
But I'm gonna show you, baby, that a woman can be tough. I said come on, come on, come on, come on and take it,
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby,
Break another little bit of my heart now, darling, yeah.
Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, yeah.
You know you got it if it makes you feel good,
Oh yes indeed.
All right! You're out on the street looking good, honey,
Deep down in your heart I said you know that it ain't right,
Never never never never never never hear me when I cry at night.
Honey, I cry all the time!
And each time I tell myself that I, well I can't stand the pain,
But when you hold me in your arms, I'll sing it once again. I'll say come on, come on, come on, come on and take it!
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby.
Break another little bit of my heart now, darling, yeah,
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, yeah.
You know you got it, child, if it makes you feel good, hey! Now all right! Now come on, come on, come on, come on and take it,
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby.
Break another little bit of my heart, honey, yeah.
Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
You know you got it if it makes you feel good.
Hey! Hey! Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
Break it, break it, break it, yeah.
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby,
You know you got it, child, if it makes you feel good. Maybe
Oh if I could pray and I try, dear
You might come back home, home to me Maybe
Whoa, if I could ever hold your little hand
Oh you might understand
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe dear
I guess I might have done something wrong
Honey I'd be glad to admit it
Oh, come on home to me!
Honey maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe yeah Well I know that it just doesn't ever seem to matter, baby
Oh honey, when I go out or what I'm trying to do
Can't you see I'm still left here
And I'm holding on in needing you Please, please, please, please
Oh won't you reconsider babe
Now come on, I said come back
Won't you come back to me! Maybe dear, oh maybe, maybe, maybe
Let me help you show me how
Honey, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe
Maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah
Maybe, maybe, maybe, yeah
Ooh! Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends.
Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends,
So Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV?
Dialing For Dollars is trying to find me.
I wait for delivery each day until three,
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town?
I'm counting on you, Lord, please don't let me down.
Prove that you love me and buy the next round,
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town? Everybody!
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends,
Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends,
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Summertime, time, time,
Child, the living's easy.
Fish are jumping out
And the cotton, Lord,
Cotton's high, Lord so high. Your daddy's rich
And your ma is so good-looking, baby.
She's a-looking good now,
Hush, baby, baby, baby, baby now,
No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Don't you cry, don't you cry. One of these mornings
You're gonna rise, rise up singing,
You're gonna spread your wings, child,
And take, take to the sky,
Lord, the sky. But until that morning,
Honey, n-n-nothing's going to harm ya,
No, no, no no, no no, no,
Don't you cry, don't you cry. Cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
Honey, welcome back home. I know she told you,
Honey I know she told you that she loved you
Much more than I did,
But all I know is that she left you,
And you swear that you just don't know why,
But you know, honey I'll always,
I'll always be around if you ever want me
Come on and cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
Oh honey, welcome back home. Don't you know, honey,
Ain't nobody ever gonna love you
The way I try to do ?
Who'll take all your pain,
Honey, your heartache, too ?
And if you need me, you know
That I'll always be around if you ever want me
Come on and cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
Oh daddy, like you always saying to do. And when you walk around the world, babe,
You said you'd try to look for the end of the road,
You might find out later that the road'll end in detroit,
Honey, the road'll even end in kathmandu.
You can go all around the world
Trying to find something to do with your life, baby,
When you only gotta do one thing well,
You only gotta do one thing well to make it in this world, babe.
You got a woman waiting for you there,
All you ever gotta do is be a good man one time to one woman
And that'll be the end of the road, babe,
I know you got more tears to share, babe,
So come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
And cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby. Some say love, it is a river
That drowns the tender reed
Some say love, it is a razor
That leaves your soul to bleed Some say love, it is a hunger
An endless, aching need
I say love, it is a flower
And you, it's only seed It's the heart, afraid of breaking
That never learns to dance
It's the dream, afraid of waking
That never takes the chance It's the one who won't be taken
Who cannot seem to give
And the soul afraid of dyin'
That never learns to live When the night has been too lonely
And the road has been too long
And you think that love is only
For the lucky and the strong Just remember, in the winter
Far beneath the bitter snows
Lie the seed, that with the sun's love
In the spring, becomes the rose Sitting down by my window,
Whoa, whoa, looking at the rain.
Whoa, down by my window, baby,
And all around me,
I said suddenly I felt the rain.
Somethin' grabbed a hold of me, darling,
Honey, it felt to me, honey like, yeah, a ball and chain.
Oh honey, you know what I mean,
It just hurts me. Say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, honey, it can't be
Whoa, it can't be, babe,
Said no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, hey.
Whoa, baby, it just can't be
Every time I want to reach out my hand.
No, no, no, no, no, babe, baby, never, no, no,
Never, never, no, no, no.
Here you gone today, but I wanted to love you, darling,
Oh, till the end of time,
Yeah! All right! Love's got a hold on me baby
Feels like a ball and chain.
Oh, love just draggin' me down, yeah yeah yeah,
Feels like, honey sometimes it feels honey like a ball, yeah like a ball and a chain
Wonder why when I did the very best I could to love you
You wanted to leave me here, honey in so much pain
Come on, honey, I want you to tell me, please, yeah. Say oh, oh, oh, oh,
Honey this can't be
No, no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Honey, this can't be just because I want to want you
Does this mean I have to hide to cry, cry all the time?
I just wanted to love you, darling,
Every day, oh, whoa, 'till the, to the very end, to the end of time,
Yeah, no no no no no, hit it! Love's got a hold on me, baby,
Feels like a ball and chain.
Oh, love's holdin' on to me,
Feels to me, oh like a ball and a chain
Honey somethin' will grab around the knees, grab me in my heart,
Feels to me like a ball and a chain now,
Yeah, alright, yeah! Say oh, oh oh oh,
Honey this can't be
Tell me please what am I askin' now,
It can't be babe
I know it just can't be, darling, no no.
Whoa whoa whoa, whoa darling don't you feel me reachin' out
Tell me, tell me, darling please
Tell, tell, tell me darling please, I'm gonna need it,
I want you to hear me baby
Tell me why, sometimes darling
I said sometimes I feel I got to know why
Sometimes I feel, honey, honey that I need to know why
I said baby when I ask you
I could use a little help sometime
When I say, I say tell me, come on man,
Tell me, tell me, babe,
Honey I never understood, why when I want to work my hands out,
I want to wear my hands out, I try the very best I can, babe
Why you always want to go, honey and let me down baby.
I said why I always want to go, honey drag me around.
Seems like anything, it could be the telephone company man,
it could be the man I love, I always got something else going, you know what I mean ?
Over on the other side, say, not quite got it right this very minute.
I'm so sorry babe, I said I'm so very sorry babe,
But I never did promise you nothing, right ? I see what you mean.
Come on, man, now come on, that ain't the name of it,
And that ain't the end of it, you know what I mean.
Sometimes, it feels just about breaking things, you know what I mean.
Just like, just like a grave, just like a grave to call
Just like a cry to call.
Honey I never understood and I said please
Lord, I swear I never understood and I say please
I want you to help me, fill it up baby,
I want you to help me, I said allow me to hear
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please,
Honey make me understand why love just feels so heavy on me, darling,
Feels so bad on my back, babe,
Feels just like a ball,
Feels like a ball, ball, oh daddy feels like a ball,
And a chain. You say that it's over baby, Lord,
You say that it's over dear,
But still you hang around me, come on,
Won't you move over. You know that I need a man, honey,
You know that I need a man,
But when I ask you to you just say
That you think you can. Please don'tcha do it to me babe, no!
Please don'tcha do it to me baby,
Either take the love I offer
Or let me be. I ain't quite a ready for walking, no!
I ain't quite a ready for walking,
But whatcha gonna do with your life,
Life all just dangling ? Hey! Make up your mind, honey,
You're playing with me.
Make up your mind, honey,
You're playing with me.
I said now, well either be my loving man,
Come on let me, honey, let me be, yeah!
Move on. You say that it's over, baby, oh,
You say that it's over dear,
But still you hang around me, come on
Won't you move over. You know that I need a man, yeah!
You know that I need a man,
When I ask you to you just say
That you think you can. But please don'tcha do it to me, babe, no!
Ain't quite a ready for walking
But whatcha gonna do with your love,
Love all just dangling ? Honey, I fear that it's dangling,
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord!
Lord I know that it's dangling,
Lord I fear, fear, fear! It's like a carrot baby now,
Like a carrot, yeah.
Like a carrot baby now,
Like a carrot baby.
Like a carrot baby!
Like a carrot darling!
Like a carrot baby!
Like a carrot baby!
Like a carrot dear!
All right, daddy, take it all! I'll tell you something, man,
I never expected that out of Toronto, man.
You're looking real good, real good
In fact you're all invited to my house for a drink.
I live in San Francisco and if you can get there man,
I'll give you the drink.
I promise.
I ain't too hard to find, ha ha ha ha ha
I'm all over the streets, man.
Ha Ha. I'm not. A while back, it was about a year ago,
I think it was, I had this apartment in San Francisco,
I lived on the third floor in this little tiny apartment building,
Had a little two rooms and a dog, right. I lived on the third floor and I used to walk around town and I had,
You know, a couple of pairs of Levis and a couple T-shirts
And I thought I had my shit pretty good together, man. You know I was out on the streets talking and talking,
Doing all that shit, and every time I found a nice piece of talent
He went right straight downstairs to the chick on the second floor,
There was another chick on the second floor, right. And I couldn't understand, I couldn't understand,
I kept thinking, Janis, why are you doing wrong suddenly ?
Well I so decided to get up one morning, ha ha ha,
And check out the chick's action, right,
Figure out what she had going that I didn't have going. I got up at 9:30 in the morning,
Which I want you to know is an effort on my part.
And I got up at 9:30 in the morning,
I hid in the stairwell right next
To the chick's across from her apartment, right.
And I watched her and watched to see what she had, man,
That I didn't have. And I'll tell you what she had man,
That chick hit the streets at noon.
I mean I didn't use to get up till three.
That chick was already in the street hustling, man.
So I figured out what you gotta do, man.
Every time you're looking for a little piece of action
And you ain't getting none, man,
You know what you better do, baby,
You better try harder, man. Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always,
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday. Now all you men's the same
But now I'm old enough to change my name.
Lord, that sun's gonna shine in my back door someday. I'm gonna lay my head
On that lonesome railroad line
And let the 2:19 ease my troubled mind. Trouble in mind, I'm blue,
But I won't be blue always.
Child, that wind's gonna come and blow my blues away! Time keeps moving on,
Friends they turn away,
Well, I keep moving on
But I never found out why
I keep pushing so hard a dream,
I keep trying to make it right
Through another lonely day Whoa don't discover it lasts
Twenty-five years, uh honey just one night, oh yeah
Well I'm twenty-five years older now
So I know it can't be right
And I'm no better baby and I can't help you no more
Than I did when just a girl But it don't make no difference babe, no, no,
'Cause I know that I could always try
It don't make no difference baby, yeah
I'm gonna hold it now,
I'm gonna need it yeah,
I'm gonna use it till the day I die Don't, expect any answers, dear,
Well, I know that they don't come with age, no, no,
I ain't never gonna love you any better baby
I'm never gonna love you right
So you better take it now, right now, ohh It don't make no difference baby,
I know that I could always try
There's a fire inside of every one of us
You'd better need it now,
I get to hold it yeah,
I'm gonna use it till the day I die Don't make no difference, babe, no, no, no,
And it never ever will, eh,
I wanna talk about a little bit of loving, yeah,
I get to hold it, baby,
I'm gonna need it now,
I'm gonna use it, say, aaaah Don't make no difference, babe, yeah,
Ah honey, I'd hate to be the one
I said you're gonna live your life
And you're better love your life
Or babe, someday you're gonna have to cry.
Yes indeed, yes indeed, yes indeed,
Ah baby, yes indeed. I said you, you're always gonna hurt me,
I said you're always gonna let me down,
I said everywhere, every day, every day
And every way, every way
Ah honey won't you hold on to what's gonna move
I said it's gonna disappear when you turn your back
I said you know it ain't gonna be there
When you wanna reach out and grab on Whoa babe,
Whoa babe,
Whoa babe,
Oh but keep truckin' on
Whoa yeah,
Whoa yeah,
Whoa yeah,
Whoa,
Whoa,
Whoa,
Whoa,
Whoa Tell me why, just because I get to want your love Honny just because I gotta get need,need,need your love, I said I don't understand honny when I wanna turn you high high high , Try..... Try..Try...Honny when everybody in the world whant's the same damm thing, when everyone in the world will need the same loonley thing, when I wanna work for your love dad when I wann try for your love dad, I don't understand,how come you're gone, man. I don't understand why half the world is still crying, man, when the other half the world is still crying too,
man. I just can't get it together.
I mean, if you gotta' care for one day, man.
I don't mean, if you, say maybe you wanna' care for 365 days, right? You ain't
got 365 days. You got it for one day, man. Well I tell you that one day man, better be your life man, because you know you could say oh man you could cry about the other 364 man, but you're gonna loose that one day man, and That's all you got. You gotta' call
that love, man. That's what it is, man. If you got it today you don't wear it
tomorrow, man. 'Cause you don't need it. 'Cause as a matter of fact, as we
discovered on the train, tomorrow never happens, man. It's all the same fucking
day, ma., So you gotta, when you wann hold somebody, you gotta hold 'em like it's the las minute of your life baby, you gotta hold hold hold......hold him 'cause some day some weight it's gonna come on your shoulders babe, it's gonna feel to hevy, it's gonna weigh on you, it's gonna feel just like a ball.....................oh dady and a chain..... There's a light, certain kinda light,
Never ever, never shone on me, no, no.
Honey, I want, I want my whole life
To be lived with you, babe,
That's what I want oh, was to be
Living and loving you. There's a way, oh everybody say
You can do anything, every thing yeah.
But what good, what good,
Honey, what good could it ever bring
Cause I ain't got you with my love
And I can't find you babe, no I can't. You don't know, you don't know what it's like,
No you don't, honey no you don't know,
You don't know what it's like
To love anybody.
Oh honey, I want to talk about love
And trying to hold somebody
The way I love you babe,
And I've been loving you babe. In my brain, oh I can see your face again,
I know my frame of mind, yeah.
But nobody, nobody has to ever be so blind,
Honey, like I did, I know I was blind,
Honey, I tell you that I was, I was very, very blind.
Oh but I'm just a girl,
Can't you just take a look at me and tell,
Tell that I live, honey I live and I breathe for you,
Don't you know I do! But what good, what good,
Honey, what good could ever do
Cause I ain't got you, that's all I've ever wanted,
And I ain't got you, babe, oh but I've been looking 'round.
But you don't know, you don't know what it's like,
No you don't, no, no, no, you don't know,
Honey, you don't know what it's like
Oh to love anybody.
Oh honey I want to talk about
Trying to hold somebody when you're lonely
The way I loved you, baby,
And I just want you to know I tried. Oh I know that there's a way
Cause everybody came to me one time and said,
"Honey, you can do anything,
Every little thing," and I think I can.
Oh, but what good, what good,
Honey, what awfully good can it ever, ever bring,
Cause I can't find you with my love,
And I can't find you babe, oh anywhere. Oh, but you don't know,
You don't know what it's like,
No you don't and you never ever, ever did.
You don't know, honey,
You don't know what it's like
Oh, to love anybody.
Oh, honey I want to talk about trying to hold you. Oh baby, baby, baby, yeah,
But you don't know,
You don't know what it's like,
And you never ever, ever did,
I said I tried to throw my love around you
And I tried to help you darling.
But you never ever, no you never ever,
No you never ever, no you never ever,
I know that you know that
No you never ever, ever, ever,
Oh let me throw my love,
Throw my love all around you, yeah. Well, a nickel is a nickel, a dime is a dime
I need a new man, Lord I know I won't mind.
Tell me how long, dear, do I have to wait ?
Can I get you now, dear, must I hesitate ? Well now, the eagle on the dollar says "In God we trust"
You say you won't obey me, you want to see that dollar first
How long, dear, do I have to wait ?
Can I get you now, dear, mm, must I hesitate ? Lord, if the river was made of whiskey an' I was a duck,
I'd just swim to the bottom an' I'd never come up.
How long, dear, mm, do I have to wait ?
Why, can I get you now, dear, mm, must I hesitate ? Now there's rocks down in the ocean and there's fish in the sea,
I know you mean the whole world to me.
How long, dear, must I have to wait ?
Can I get you now, dear, mm, must I hesitate ? I got them Hesitation Stockings, I got them Hesitation Shoes,
Lord knows I got them Hesitation Blues.
Tell me, how long do I have to wait ?
Why, can I get you now, dear, mm, must I hesitate ? Yeah!
That sounds good!
That sounds Bye, bye-bye, baby, bye-bye.
I may be seeing you around
When I change my living standard and I move uptown,
Bye-bye, baby, bye-bye. So long, my honey, so long.
I guess I'm gonna make it somehow.
But you may not be with me, darling, when I do
'cause you're not with me now. Well, I know that Bye-bye, baby, bye-bye.
I guess I'm gonna make it OK.
An' I'll see you in a funny place some old day,
So long, my honey, so long. Well, I get the feeling I could chase you clean on in the ball
And wind up staying pull off, put down strung out and stalled.
Honey, I ain't got time to wait on you or to fetch your super-ball,
I've got lots of things I've got to do. So long, my honey, so long.
I guess I'm gonna make it somehow
But you may not be with me darling when I do
'cause you're not with me now! So long, my honey, so long.
Too bad you had to drift away
'cause I could use some company
Right on this road, right on this road I'm on today, yeah! Well, I know that you got things to do and places to be
And I guess I'll have to find the thing you placed on me.
I may wind up in the street or sleep beneath a tree,
Still I guess you know, honey I've gotta go. Bye, bye-bye, baby, bye-bye.
Lord, I might've been your wife,
But you settled for a place right in my heart,
You didn't want a place in my life. So long, my honey, so long.
I guess you know you're on your own,
It seems you just got lost somewhere out in the world
And you left me here to face it all alone,
Why, you left me here to face it all alone,
You left me here to face it all alone, yeah!
I said bye, bye b-bye baby, baby bye-bye!! Ah ah ah ah
Ah ah ah ah All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go
I'm standing here outside your door
I hate to wake you up to say goodbye But the dawn is breaking, it's early morn
The taxi's waiting, he's blowin' his horn already
I'm so lonesome, I could die So kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go 'Cause I'm leaving on a Jetplane
I don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go Ah ah ah ah There's so many times I've let you down
So many times I've played around
I tell you now they don't mean a thing Everyplace I go I'll think of you
Every song I sing I'll sing for you
When I come back, I'll wear your wedding ring So kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go 'Cause I'm leaving on a Jetplane
I don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go Now the time has come to leave you
One more time, let me kiss you
Then close your eyes and I'll be on my way Dream about the days to come
When I won't have to leave you alone
About the times that I won't have to say So kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go 'Cause I'm leaving on a Jetplane
I don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go I'm leaving on a Jetplane
Don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go (And I'm)
Leaving on a Jetplane
(And I'm)
Leaving on a Jetplane
(And I'm)
Leaving on a Jetplane
... Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
And I's feelin' near as faded as my jeans
Bobby thumbed a diesel down, just before it rained
It rode us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna
I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah
Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine
We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', don't mean nothin' hon' if it ain't free, no no
And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
You know, feelin' good was good enough for me
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee From the Kentucky coal mine to the California sun
There Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done
Yeah, Bobby baby kept me from the cold One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away
He's lookin' for that home, and I hope he finds it
But, I'd trade all of my tomorrows, for a single yesterday
To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah
But, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Hey, feelin' good was good enough for me, mm-hmm
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee La da da
La da da da
La da da da da da da da
La da da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da La la da da la da da la da da
La da da da da da da da da
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah Well, I call him my lover, call him my man
I said, I call him my lover did the best I can, c'mon
Hey now, Bobby now
Hey now, Bobby McGhee, yeah Woo
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la la
Hey, hey, hey Bobby McGhee, yeah
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah Son of a Preacher Man was never recorded by Janis Joplin. Not in the studio, not live, now anywhere. I doubt she would even have hummed along to it.
Why don't you remove this error from your site. It perpetuates an Internet and urban legend that is simply not true.
Janis would roll over in her grave if she knew..
HOW DO YOU KNOW? HAVE YOU TALKED TO HER LATELY? Try, try, try just a little bit harder
So I can love, love, love him, I tell myself
Well, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder
So I won't lose, lose, lose him to nobody else. Hey! Well, I don't care how long it's gonna take you now,
But if it's a dream I don't want No I don't really want it
If it's a dream I don't want nobody to wake me.
Yeah, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder So I can give, give, give, give him every bit of my soul.
Yeah, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder
So I can show, show, show him love with no control.
Hey! I've waited so long for someone so fine I ain't gonna lose my chance, no I don't want to lose it,
ain't gonna lose my chance to make you mine, all mine.
All right, get it! Yeah!
Try yeah, try yeah, hey, hey, hey, try yeah, Oh try whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
Oh anybody, oh anybody, oh anybody,
Try oh yeah (just a little bit harder)
Whoa I gotta try some more, I said try yeah, aw I said try,
I said try try try try try try,
Oh try oh yeah, try oh yeah!
Hey hey, I gotta talk to my man now, You know I, I gotta feel for my man now,
I said I, I gotta work for my man now,
You know I, I gotta hurt for my man now,
I think-a every day for my man now, You know it, every way for my man now.
I say try, try yeah, oh try yeah,
Hey hey hey, try yeah-hey, oh, try... Ooh! Yeah yeah! Alright, yeah yeah! Now alright! Everybody's dying,
They're all trying to feel it, I know they are.
Everybody's dancing, they're singing romance
And they want to feel more, it's sure 'nuff. Oh yeah, yeah yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
They try try hard
Oh, whoa, lordy, whoa, (alright alright alright)
Oh, whoa, whoa, feel it!
Oh, whoa, whoa, (oh yeah yeah!) waaaah!!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
(alright alright alright alright) Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
Gonna sing at ya now. huh! Alright!
Yeah yeah!
Alright!
Everybody over at the avalon in san francisco baby
Everybody have-have-have have a lot of fun, I know, I know!
I can tell you they're feeling good
Gotta try the feeling baby
Gotta try the feeling, gotta try. Whoa, lordy, whoa, whoa, whoa, alright!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
Gonna sing at ya now. Whew whew yeah, yeah yeah,
Alright!
Don't matter who you are, no, no
Don't matter where you come from,
Don't matter if it's, chicago new york city, san francisco, hawaii or alaska,
I don't care, no. you just gotta try to feel it. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. Yeah, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, oh come on, boys!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. (alright alright!)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. (oh won't you feel me too baby!)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
Gonna sing at ya now. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Right now we're gonna do ... we wanna do a song right now, I hope no one hangs around, one more little song, it's all we gonna do, this is called "the farewell song" written by sam.
Get over there, man. alright. ok. hey, uh, I think the iron butterfly's on next, then the loading zone again, then we'll be back - we're not gonna go on next ? ok, well, forget it, er, the rolli
Ones goin' on next, and then us ? is that it ? ok, well you gotta stay and see that chick, man, she's out of sight. and you gotta stay and see us, too, so... please stay. last song ... thank you Ready!
1, 2, 3! Down on me, down on me,
Looks like everybody in this whole round world
They're down on me. Love in this world is so hard to find
When you've got yours and I got mine.
That's why it looks like everybody in this whole round world
They're down on me. Saying they're down on me, down on me.
Looks like everybody in this whole round world
Down on me. When you see a hand that's held out toward you,
Give it some love, some day it may be you.
That's why it looks like everybody in this whole round world
They're down on me, yeah. Lord, they're down on me, down on me, oh!
Looks like everybody in this whole round world
Is down on me. Believe in your brother, have faith in man,
Help each other, honey, if you can
Because it looks like everybody in this whole round world
Is down on me. I'm saying they're down on me, all down on me, oh!
It looks like everybody in this whole round world
Down on me!! Trust in me, baby, give me time, gimme time, um gimme time
I heard somebody say, oh, "The older the grape
Sweeter the wine, sweeter the wine" Oh, my love is like a seed, baby, just needs time to grow
It's growing stronger day by day, yeah
That's the price you've got to pay Trust in me, baby, give me time, gimme time
Please, a little more time
Takes a road runner just a little bit uh-longer, dear
Oh, to make up my mind, I gotta make up my mind
Oh, my love is like a seed, baby, just needs time to grow
It's growing stronger day by day
That's the price that we both got to pay I gotta know, know that I'm ready, oh ready to settle down
'Cause I think too much of your loving, baby
Yeah, I don't wanna mess your life around! So if you love me like you tell me that you're doing, dear
You shouldn't mind paying the price, any price, any price
Love is supposed to be that special kind of thing
Make anybody want to sacrifice
Oh, my love is like a seed, baby, just needs time to grow
It's growing stronger day by day
That's the price we both gotta pay Trust in me baby, trust in me baby
Trust in my love, in my heart
Keep the faith, baby, keep the faith in me, dear, in my love
Don't turn your face away from me, dear, oh you leave a lost girl
Oh, don't turn your love away, no no no no no no no
You gotta believe in me, baby, yeah, trust me dear, oh In this world, if you read the papers, darling,
You know everybody's fighting with each other.
You got no one you can count on, dear,
Not even your own brother.
So if someone comes along,
He gonna give you love and affection, I'd say get it while you can, yeah,
Honey, get it while you can, yeah,
Honey, grab it while you can,
Don't you turn your back on love, no, no, no. When you're loving somebody, baby,
You're taking a gamble against some sorrow.
But who knows, baby,
'Cause we may not be here tomorrow.
And if anybody comes along,
He gonna give you love and affection, I'd say get it while you can, yeah!
Honey, grab it when you're gonna need it!
Yeah hey, hold it while you can,
Don't you turn your sweet back on love,
No no no, no no no no no! Ah! Once I had me a man,
But I didn't know enough at the time
To count my blessings, no no,
But I wish he could see me crying today,
'Cause his love don't feel to listen.
And if anybody comes along,
He gonna give me love and affection,
Yeah, hey!, Hey! Yeah! Hey! Get it while you can, yeah!
Honey, get it while you can, yeah!
Honey, get it while you can,
Don't you turn your back on love,
No no no, no no no no. Get it while you can, yeah!
Honey, grab it while you can, yeah!
I said, hold on to that man, love,
Hold on to that man whole,
Yeah, get it, want it, need it,
Get it, get it, hold it, need it, want it,
Get it, need it, want it, hold it,
Get it, squeeze it, love it, touch it,
Use it, need it, want it, get it,
Need it, want it, hold it, Yeah hey, get it while you can, baby,
Yeah hey, get it while you can,
Honey, don't you go and turn your sweet back on love,
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, daddy, you'll be sorry,
No, no, no, no! Why, thank you! I don't smoke.
I just don't sleep, man, that's the trouble.
I gotta sleep sometime.
There's too much happening, why sleep, man?
I might miss a party. Ball and Chain! Ball and Chain! Ball and Chain. Stay short tonight man, shorten it, shorten it, shorten it. Three, four! Yeah! Work me Lord, work me Lord, please don't you leave me
I feel so useless down here with no one to love
Though I've looked everywhere
And I can't find me anybody to love, to feel my care So ah work me Lord, use me Lord
Don't you know how hard it is trying to live all alone
Every day I keep trying to move forward
But something is driving me, oh, back
Honey, something's trying to hold on to me, to my way of life So don't You forget me down here, Lord, no, no, no
Ah, ah, don't you forget me, Lord
Well I don't think I'm any very special
Kind of person down here, I know better
But I don't think you're gonna find anybody, not anybody
Who could say that they tried like I tried
The worst you can say all about me is that I'm never satisfied Use me Lord
Please, honey, don't you leave me, I feel so useless down here
I can't find me anybody to love me and I've looked around
I've looked everywhere, everywhere
And I can't find me anyone to love, to feel my care So honey don't you go and leave me, Lord, no, no, no
Honey, don't you go off and leave me, Lord
Can't I show you how hard it is
Trying to live when you're all alone
Every day I keep pushing, keep trying to move forward
But something is driving me, oh back
And something's trying to hold on to me
To my way of life, why? Oh please, please, oh don't you go and
Forget me down here, don't forget me, Lord
I think that maybe you can ease me
Maybe I can help you, said uh whoa Oh please, please, oh don't you go and leave me Lord
No, no, no, oh, please, hmm please, don't you leave me, Lord Am I on? Okay
Hello, John, this is Janis
Who'd just like to wish you a very happy birthday And happy trails to you until we meet again
Happy trails to you, keep smiling until then
Happy trails to you until we meet again Happy Birthday, John, from the Full Tilt Boogie Band Ah, I'm a mean, mean woman
And I don't mean no one man, no good, no.
I'm a mean, mean woman,
I don't mean no one man, no good.
I just treats 'em like I wants to
I never treats 'em, honey like I should.
Oh, Lord, I once had a daddy,
He said he'd give me everything in sight.
Once had a daddy,
Said he'd give me everything in sight.
Yes, he did
So I said, "Honey, I want the sunshine,
you take the stars out of the night.
Come on and give 'em to me, babe, 'cause I want 'em right now."
I ain't the kind of woman
Who'd make your life a bed of ease, ha ha ha ha!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not the kind of woman, no,
To make your life a bed of ease.
Yeah, but if you, if you just wanna go out drinkin', honey,
Won't you invite me along please.
Oh, I'll be so good to ya babe, yeah!
Whoa, go on!
I guess I'm just like a turtle
That's hidin' underneath its hard-ass shell.
Whoa, whoa, oh yeah, like a turtle
Hidin' underneath its horny shell.
But you know I'm very well protected -
I know this goddamn life too well.
Oh! Now call me mean, you can call me evil, yeah, yeah,
I've been called much of some things around,
Honey, don't ya know I have!
Whoa, call me mean or call me evil
I've been called much of some things, all things around,
Yeah, but I'm gonna take good care of Janis, yeah,
Honey, ain't no one gonna dog me down.
Alright, yeah. Half moon, night time sky,
Seven stars, Heaven's eyes.
Seven songs on seven seas
Just to bring all your sweet love home to me. Hey, fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Fill me like the sea, Lord,
Not coming past, still at last
Your love brings life to me,
Your love brings life to me,
Hey! Rings of cloud, arms aflame,
Sunrise up to call your name,
Sunrise up and it burn the ground
Just to shine above the first true love I found. Hey! Fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Fill me like the sea, Lord,
Not coming past, still at last
Your love brings life to me,
Your love brings life to me,
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah! Half moon, night time sky,
Seven stars, Heaven's eyes,
Seven songs on seven seas
Just to bring all your sweet love home to me. Hey! Fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Fill me like the sea, Lord,
Not coming past, still at last
Lord! Fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Fill me like the sea, Lord,
Not coming past, still at last Lord! fill me like the mountains, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Fill me like the sea, Lord,
Not coming past, still at last
Your love brings life to me,
Your love brings life to me,
Your love, la, la, la, la wah, whoa love, love
Your love brings life to me, yeah. All right. We'll sue you! Oh, it's Sunday, right ?
It's Monday now, right ? No ? Well, well, keep on rockin'.
It's five minutes past Sunday ?
Hey, you're still here, man ?
It's Monday, it's legal, right.
This is a very strange place you have.
And if you ever need a drink that should be on Sunday,
Man, that's the worst, ha ha!
The worst day in the week and they close the bars ?
I can't understand it! Oh, the last time that I saw you
You know you didn't say a word.
And I knew, honey as I looked into your eyes
That my feelings, lord, they'd never been heard.
Well, I'm talkin' to you about love,
Did you hear me ? I said love.
Yeah, because it's got to be such a long, long, long way
From denyin', from denyin'. And I say you don't say no, no, no, to me no more.
And I believed in you all the time,
Honey, until I found out you know that I was so wrong.
I wanted to try and build a life with you,
I guess I should've known it, I guess I should've known it all along.
Let me hold you just once
Honey I'll ask you just once more
Because it's got to be such a long, long way from cryin'
And I been cryin'
And I got tears in my eyes,
Yeah, but don't you know when you love somebody, have some pressures
There can never, never, never be any secret,
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You gonna have to pay your dues
And sometimes, honey, sometimes you're bound to lose.
Yeah, but that's the way
You're gonna learn, learn, learn to love people, yeah. Oh god, I wish I could explain it myself,
'cause I know that it's my fault, dear.
It's so easy to hurt you, darling,
It's so hard, I guess it's hard not to do.
And I know you showed me a new life
And you'll always, yeah you'll always be my friend.
Baby I don't think that I can keep from cryin'
And I'll be tryin' and I been cryin' for you, babe,
Yes I have now. Well, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me
What would I do without you child ?
I'm afraid I can't say
But I hope honey that when you remember,
Lord, it'll be, it'll be such a sunny day
Now, now, now, now, good-bye,
And I'll see you sometime
And don't be worried, everything's just fine
Baby I don't think
That I can keep from dyin'
And I've been dyin'. I said now every day I got a little bit, babe,
I said now every day I lose me someone in my heart
I've been lonely, lonely, look around baby
I said I've been lonely, lonely, I've been searchin' for you,
And I got to find, honey have to find my baby
I gotta find, I gotta want it, gotta need it,
'cause hear me baby, baby, talk about my baby
Hear me baby, baby, whoa yeah, my baby,
Hear me baby, baby, talk about my baby
Won't you help me now,
Won't you help me now,
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta
Whoa yeah, I gotta
I gotta leave you, baby, I can't help myself
I gotta leave you, baby, I got to, you know
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta
Whoa yeah, I gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta Whoaa ... lord, lord lord lord!!
Whoaa ... lord, lord lord lord!! Thank you. Five very very nice people, one great big talent, big brother & the holding company.
Thank you very much. sorry for the delay and we want to thank you very much, I think you're a whole lot of people, as compared to like people in new york who wouldn't remain as patient, or as ki
You have, so thank you very much. time to make things happen.
You know I got me some new tune, man. it's really boss. yeah, it's a, oh, wait a minute, it's a record by emma franklin, it's a tune called "piece of my heart". groovy! did you see tha
N ? Oh please don't you think baby that I am wrong to cry, yeah.
You loved me, too,
So how come you just sit there and laugh
And laugh and laugh and laugh ?
Things just can't be this way
And not for very long
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no.
Our love affair said it's just history, yes it is. And I tried to love you in my own way,
I think that you know I did.
But to have you here, to see you living,
Oh so near to me, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh but you are distant and so it's dead
And so often people are glad to be old, yeah yeah,
Our love affair is just history, yes it is. Once in a green time a flower
Oh, fell in love with the sun.
The passion lasted for an hour
And then she wilted from her loved one. Once in a green time a flower
Oh, fell in love with the sun.
The passion lasted for an hour
And then she wilted from her loved one. And I see you looking up at the sky, how high it is, yeah.
You wonder if there is, whoa another me
Now how can that be, how can it be ?
Well, I sit here and I ask you, why all this ?
I just got toni-ni-ni-night
Our love affair said it's just a history
But baby, baby, I said it's over, Charlie,
I can't stand another lo-lo-lonely,
I'm never too lonely. It's over baby,
Where were you when I wanted ya
And needed ya right by my side ?
I said-a, baby, baby, don't you feel me moving,
Baby, don't you hear me cry ?
I know I hurt you, but Lord don't you know I cried,
I know I hurt you, but babe don't you know I tried,
Oh baby, oh babe, whoa. And when I work hard all day long
I tell you what, it don't bother me nohow,
'Cause how could anything ever go wrong
When I got my baby, Lord, yes,
When I got my baby, oh Lord! And when they tell me love is pain
I said it might be true for you, honey,
But not for Janis no more, no no no no.
All I've ever got to do is call my daddy's name
Yeah and I got m-my baby, Lord, yeah,
Yes I got my baby, good good God,
Honey, I wanna tell you something that I do. Deep down, h-honey, in the dark of the night,
When I lay my head down, I wanna go to sleep,
And I know everything is gonna be alright,
Yeah I got my baby, Lord yeah,
'Cause I got m-my baby, oh yeah. And when I wanna call the names
Or the things to be that wanna be to you.
And when I wanna reach out my hand
It always seems you hold me, dear,
Love, don't you know how long I looked for you
Daddy, daddy, daddy.
Love, don't you know how hard I tried,
But now I got my baby, Lord, yeah,
Now I got my baby, yeah. Sit there, hmm, count your fingers.
What else, what else is there to do ?
Oh and I know how you feel,
I know you feel that you're through.
Oh wah wah ah sit there, hmm, count,
Ah, count your little fingers,
My unhappy oh little girl, little girl blue, yeah. Oh sit there, oh count those raindrops
Oh, feel 'em falling down, oh honey all around you.
Honey don't you know it's time,
I feel it's time,
Somebody told you 'cause you got to know
That all you ever gonna have to count on
Or gonna want to lean on
It's gonna feel just like those raindrops do
When they're falling down, honey, all around you.
Oh, I know you're unhappy. Oh sit there, ah go on, go on
And count your fingers.
I don't know what else, what else
Honey have you got to do.
And I know how you feel,
And I know you ain't got no reason to go on
And I know you feel that you must be through.
Oh honey, go on and sit right back down,
I want you to count, oh count your fingers,
Ah my unhappy, my unlucky
And my little, oh, girl blue.
I know you're unhappy,
Ooh ah, honey I know,
Baby I know just how you feel. What do you think about your town since you've left and come back ?
It's fantastic! I was across the river from the club last night, I never had more fun in my life! except sometimes in california I have more fun.
Do you plan to come back soon ?
Oh ? er, er, er, I have no immediate plans, ha ha ha!!
Did you entertain in high school, at the high school, when you went back at the high school ?
Only when I walked down the aisles, man. no, I did, no, I was, er, I was a painter, and a sort of a recluse in high school. I've changed.
What happened ?
I got liberated! I don't know, I just started to sing and singing makes you want to come out because painting, I feel, keeps you inside, you know ? and once you start singing you just sort of wa
O talk to people more and go out more and, you know, your lifestyle's becomes more a come-out, flow-out thing instead of a hold-it-and-be-quiet type.
How were you different from your schoolmates when you were a teenager ?
I don't know, why don't you ask them ?
Did they make you different ?
No.
Otherwise were you different in comparison with them, or were you ?
I felt apart from them.
Did you take a part in football games ?
I think not. I didn't go to the high school prom, and er ...
Oh, you were asked, weren't you ?
No, I wasn't. I don't think, I don't think they wanted to take me. till I'll be a hundred and sufferin'! it's enough to make you wanna sing the blues! Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
And I's feelin' near as faded as my jeans
Bobby thumbed a diesel down, just before it rained
It rode us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna
I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah
Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine
We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', don't mean nothin' hon' if it ain't free, no no
And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
You know, feelin' good was good enough for me
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee From the Kentucky coal mine to the California sun
There Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done
Yeah, Bobby baby kept me from the cold One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away
He's lookin' for that home, and I hope he finds it
But, I'd trade all of my tomorrows, for a single yesterday
To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah
But, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Hey, feelin' good was good enough for me, mm-hmm
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee La da da
La da da da
La da da da da da da da
La da da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da La la da da la da da la da da
La da da da da da da da da
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah Well, I call him my lover, call him my man
I said, I call him my lover did the best I can, c'mon
Hey now, Bobby now
Hey now, Bobby McGhee, yeah Woo
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la la
Hey, hey, hey Bobby McGhee, yeah
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah A woman left lonely will soon grow tired of waiting,
She'll do crazy things, yeah, on lonely occasions.
A simple conversation for the new men now and again
Makes a touchy situation when a good face come into your head.
And when she gets lonely, she's thinking 'bout her man,
She knows he's taking her for granted, yeah yeah,
Honey, she doesn't understand, no no no no! Well, the fevers of the night, they burn an unloved woman
Yeah, those red-hot flames try to push old love aside.
A woman left lonely, she's the victim of her man, yes she is.
When he can't keep up his own way, good Lord,
She's got to do the best that she can, yeah!
A woman left lonely, Lord, that lonely girl,
Lord, Lord, Lord! Oh, sweet Mary, child of confusion, she runs the hills to cry
Past the willows or an illusion, Lord, tell me the reason why.
Tell me why, why is it all so hard ?
Breathing in the air Breathe in the air
Anyone to care.
Oh!
(Alright, yeah!)
Oh, sweet Mary, in our story, have we nothing left to give ?
But don't we all know, babe, if we're pressed to, that that's the way we live.
Tell me why, why is it all so hard ?
Breathing in the air Breathing in the air
Anyone to care, oh, yeah!
Hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now,
Hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, hop now, whoa, yeah! Janis it's a shame you couldn't do an up tune for us but I liked that one.
Later in the show.
Yeah, maybe later we'll be talking too. you're really shot after, after a number, let alone a whole evening I would think.
Yeah, yeah.
You tell me you kind of collapse after a show ?
Well, I'm used to it because I'm so turned on by doing one that it's hard to do, it's hard to stop after one to tell you the truth, because it just makes you wanna do more.
Your engine is revved up ?
Yeah, sort of!
I know all the hip expressions, you see. your engine is revved up.
You're a real swinger, I can tell by your shoes, man!
Wait a minute, janis, janis. these were good enough for my grand-father, they're good enough for me.
I had a lot of trouble, last week i, er, it wasn't that tune, we opened with another tune and I tore a muscle.
I heard about this. you tore a mussel somewhere near maryland. er ...
It was closer to home than that!
Well, er ...
But I played forty minutes, man! I did forty minutes!
Yeah, but how do you, how do you tear a muscle singing, was it from the exhaustion or ...
No, I went ... like that.
You actually, literally tore a muscle ... I mean like that ...
Every time, it hurt.
Could you feel it go ?
Yeah.
Phew!
Yeah.
What do they do, do they set a muscle or do they tape you up or something ?
They told me to keep still.
Janis you wrote that tune that you were just singing like we just agreed to ask about. you er, you wrote the first tune, right ?
I wrote the first tune. it's, er, yes I did, it's about men.
It's about men. it's a little hard to tell what it was about 'cause I was standing over there where the sound is a little distorted.
Well in my story that's what it is anyway.
Yeah.
D'you ever see those mule carts ?
Yeah.
They, er, there's a dumb mule on there right and a long stick with a string and a carrot, and it hangs over the mule's nose, and it runs after it all day long. some ...
Who is the man in this, in this parable, the mule, or the person holding the carrot ?
No, the woman is the, is the mule. chasing something that somebody's holds her way.
Constantly chasing her man ...
Yeah.
... who always eludes her.
Well, they always hold something more than they're prepared to give.
I have to defend my entire sex, ladies and gentlemen! the burden of the defense.
Go right ahead!
Well, one-arm wrestling I can take you two out of three.
I hope so.
Do you, er, do you actually sit down when you get up in the morning and, and write out a song, or do you . . . when you say you write it, you compose it you write it on a paper.
You just make it up, I don't write songs, I make them up.
They don't exist on paper your songs, don't they ?
Sometimes I just write down the words so I don't forget 'em, but I mean I don't write songs, that's a whole different concept. I just make 'em up.
Yeah. did you ever get back to port arthur, texas ?
No, but I'm going back next in august, man. and guess what I'm doin' ?
I don't know.
I'm going to my 10th annual high school reunion.
Oh! oh! take movies and bring 'em back to show us, will you ?
Hey would you like to go ?
Well, I don't remember, I don't have any friends in your high school class.
I don't either. I don't either, believe me.
You don't either ?
It's hard going, man!
Weren't you a kind of a, weren't you kind of a business administration major or something in high school. no, it's something in your past. you were ...
No, I worked.
Yeah.
But a high school major in art does have plenty of time.
Yeah. and do you think you'll have a lot to say to your old high-school classmates ?
I don't have a lot, man.
You were not surrounded by friends in high school ?
They laughed me out of class, out of town, and out of state, man.
Hmm ...
Somethin' goin' on.
Thank you.
Thank you. Whoa, I need a man to love me.
Don't you understand me, baby ?
Why, I need a man to love.
I gotta find him, I gotta have him like the air I breathe.
One lovin' man to understand can't be too much to need.
You know it
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be this loneliness
Baby, surrounding me.
No, no, know it just can't be
No it just can't be
There's got to be some kind of answer.
No it just can't be
And everywhere I look, there's none around
No it just can't be
Whoa, it can't be
No it just can't be, oh no!
Whoa, hear me now.
Whoa, won't you let me hold you ?
Honey, just close your eyes.
Whoa, won't you let me hold you, dear ?
I want to just put my arms around ya, like the circles going 'round the sun.
Let me hold you daddy, at least until the morning comes.
Because it
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be now
Oh no
Can't be this loneliness
Baby, surrounding me.
No, no, no it just can't be.
No it just can't be
Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby, just can't be.
No, no, noNo it just can't be
And why can't anyone ever tell me, now ?
No it just can't be
I wake up one morning, I realize
No it just can't be
Whoa, it can't be.
No it just can't be
Now go!
Whoa, I need a man to love me
Oh, maybe you can help me, please.
Why, I need a man to love.
But I believe that someday and somehow it's bound to come along
Because when all my dreams and all my plans just cannot turn out wrong.
You know it
Can't be now Oh no
Can't be now Oh no
Can't be now Oh no
Can't be now Oh no
Can't be now Oh no
Can't be just loneliness
Baby, surrounding me
No, no, no, it just can't be
No it just can't be
Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby, it just can't beNo it just can't be
And who could be foolin' me ?
No it just can't be
I've got all this happiness
No it just can't be
Come, come, come on, come on, come on, and help me now.
No it just can't be
Please, can't you hear my cry ?
No it just can't be
Whoa, help ... I've been misery 'n,
Ever since my daddy gone, yeah.
I've been, honey, I've been misery 'n, yes I have, now.
Ever since my, since my daddy gone, gone, gone.
But I believe that it won't,
Baby, it won't be too long,
If I just could hang on,
Yeah, until my, till my misery
Will all be gone. Whoa, I said my rooms, you know,
They're so empty, empty, empty, empty, empty.
Filled up with sadness, sometimes, yeah.
My rooms are so empty, empty, empty, empty.
Child, filled up with sadness, honey, sometimes, sometimes. Oh well it just, it just moves in,
Like the fog rolls in.
And I find i, well I can't see you, baby,
For my tears. But I've tried.
Don't you know I've tried.
Cried, cried, cried, cried, cried.
Baby now, I've been missin' you.
Oh, I've been missin' you, babe! Yeah, and it all seems to bother me
Much more that it seems it should be.
So, baby, now, now,
Baby, now, now,
Baby, tell me why,
Does it have to be
Oh, so wrong for me ? I never thought I could ever want anybody,
No, no, no, never did, I never did.
Why am I feelin' so strange ? ? ?
Whoaaaaa, I never, never, never needed nobody, no, no,
But maybe you could help me
Why am I feelin' so strange ? Yeah, an' I've got me a great,
An' I've got a great big bed
With two pillows for my head.
Hey, but lately I been sleepin', sleepin' alone. But I've tried,
Don't you know I've tried.
Cried, cried,
You know how I've cried.
An', an' baby, I've been missin' you. Tried,
Don't you know I've tried.
Cried,
Cried, cried, cried, cried,
Baby now, I've been missin' you. Tried,
Don't you know I've tried.
Cried, cried,
You know how I've cried.
An', an' baby, I've been missin' you,
Yeah ... Oh, the cuckoo, she's a pretty bird, and she warbles when she flies
But she never hollers cuckoo till the fourth day of July. Said Jack o'Diamonds, well Jack o'Diamonds, well I know you of old,
Honey you robbed me of my silver and out of all my gold,
All of my gold, all of my gold. Well, Jack o'Diamonds, oh Jack o'Diamonds, oh I know you of old,
Honey, you robbed me of my silver and out of all my gold. Said the cuckoo, she's a cruel bird, and she warbles when she flies
And every time that she passes, my true love says good-bye,
Well, says good-bye, well says good-bye,
Ooh, ooh, ooh, whoo, ooh ... Honey, I love to go to parties
And I like to have a good time,
But if it gets too pale after a while
Honey and I start looking to find
One good man.
Hmm, don't you know I've been searching,
Oh yes I have!
One good man,
Oh ain't much, honey ain't much,
It's only everything, whoa. An' I don't want much outa life,
I never wanted a mansion in the south.
I just-a want to find someone sincere
Who'd treat me like he talks,
One good man.
Oh honey don't you know that I've been looking.
Oh, one good man
Ain't much, honey it ain't much,
Oh, it's only everything.
All right. Some girls they want to collect their men,
They wear 'em like notches on a gun.
Oh honey, but I know better than that,
I know that a woman only needs one.
One good man, oh,
Oh baby don't you know I've been looking, hmm.
One good man,
It ain't much, no, no honey it ain't much,
Oh, it's only every little thing,
Just-a everything, everything
Ah yeah. Ready ? Well, I'm going down that mississippi river,
Yes, I am, yes I am.
Well, I'm going down that mississippi river,
Yes, I am, yes I am.
Yes I am, boy, yes I am. Well, I'm goin' on that big belle louise,
Yes, I am, yes I am.
Well, I'm going on that big belle louise,
Yes, I am, yes I am.
Yes I am, boy, yes I am. Oh man, where are you gonna catch your river
Catch me tryin', you catch me tryin'.
Oh man, where are you gonna catch your river
You catch me tryin', you catch me tryin'.
You catch me tryin', boys, you catch me tryin'. Man, will your daughter take on me ?
Well, I don't know, I don't know.
Oh man, will your daughter take on me ?
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know, boy, I don't know. Well, I'm going down that mississippi river,
Yes, I am, yes I am.
Well, I'm going down that mississippi river,
Yes, I am, yes I am.
Yes I am, boy, yes I am. Make it the last time, make it the last time
Make it the last time, oh darling please.
But I don't understand why you always pick the time
When I've just talked to you with your love on my mind.
To see a distant light, to hear a far-off horn
To leave me one more time, I can't stand no more
Say no more, well no more,
Well no more, darling, please.
And every time you leave I make the very same vow
That when you come back I ain't gonna love you no how.
But when you return you look so fine to me
I can't stand no more, my darling, it's just got to be
I said the last time, oh the last time,
Oh the last time, darling, please.
Don't you understand me, don't you understand me ?
Honey, don't you understand my word ?
Well, you told me that you love me, I believed you, darling,
But you lied, you know it's true.
Hold on to my heart, I'll believe it till you're leaving
Then I'll cry.
Oh darling, oh darling,
Oh darling, make up your mind
Oh, I can't stand your loving, honey, it's tearing me apart,
You done got my soul, but now you're after my heart.
Well, don't hurt me, darling, now you know how to do it so well
I just got one consolation, I just wail
It was the last time
It was the last time
It was the last time, darling, please.
When you told me that you love me I believed you, darling,
But you lied, you know it's true.
Hold on to my heart, I'll believe it till you're leaving
Then I'll cry.
Well no more, well no more,
Well no more without you, please!
If you wanna love me, honey, please stay home,
If you don't wanna love me, baby, please stay gone.
Don't you understand me, don't you understand me ?
Don't you understand my words ?
Say no more, oh no more,
Well no more, oh, darling, oh!
You told me that you love me I believed you, darling,
But you lied, you know it's true.
Hold on to my heart, I'll believe it till you're leaving
Then I'll cry, yeah. Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine
And I'll never drown my sorrow in the warm glow of your wine.
You can't buy my love with money, for I never was that kind,
Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine.
Go ahead! I don't want your golden mansions with a tear in every room,
All I want's the love you promised, beneath the halo moon.
But you think I should be happy with your money and your name
And hide myself in sorrow while you play your cheatin' game. Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine
And I'll never drown my sorrow in the warm glow of your wine.
You can't buy my love with money, for I never was that kind,
Silver threads and golden needles cannot mend this heart of mine. [Instrumental] Now when I go to work, I work all day,
Always turns out the same.
When I bring home my hard-earned pay
I spend my money all on mary jane.
Mary jane, mary jane, lord, my mary jane. Oh if a man should look tame now, mean and mature,
They all turn out the same.
'cause they can't do nothing to make a man feel good
Like my old mary jane.
Mary jane, mary jane, lord, my mary jane. Now I walk in the street now lookin' for a friend
One that can lend me some change.
And he never questions my reason why,
'cause he too loves mary jane.
Mary jane, mary jane, lord, my mary jane. Well, I have known women that wanted no man,
Some that wanted to stay.
But I never knew what happened in this world
Till I met up with mary jane,
Mary jane, mary jane, lord my mary jane. Try, try, try just a little bit harder
So I can love, love, love him, I tell myself
Well, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder
So I won't lose, lose, lose him to nobody else. Hey! Well, I don't care how long it's gonna take you now,
But if it's a dream I don't want No I don't really want it
If it's a dream I don't want nobody to wake me.
Yeah, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder So I can give, give, give, give him every bit of my soul.
Yeah, I'm gonna try yeah, just a little bit harder
So I can show, show, show him love with no control.
Hey! I've waited so long for someone so fine I ain't gonna lose my chance, no I don't want to lose it,
ain't gonna lose my chance to make you mine, all mine.
All right, get it! Yeah!
Try yeah, try yeah, hey, hey, hey, try yeah, Oh try whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
Oh anybody, oh anybody, oh anybody,
Try oh yeah (just a little bit harder)
Whoa I gotta try some more, I said try yeah, aw I said try,
I said try try try try try try,
Oh try oh yeah, try oh yeah!
Hey hey, I gotta talk to my man now, You know I, I gotta feel for my man now,
I said I, I gotta work for my man now,
You know I, I gotta hurt for my man now,
I think-a every day for my man now, You know it, every way for my man now.
I say try, try yeah, oh try yeah,
Hey hey hey, try yeah-hey, oh, try... Live your loving life,
Live it all the best you can
And if you pay no attention darling
To what you might ever hear from your man,
I think you're just like a servant And try to keep it all to yourself.
Don't you know it makes the world go round,
You gotta go and honey share everywhere else.
Come on, come on, come on! As good as you've been to this world
So good I want to be right back to you.
As good as you've been now,
As good as you've been to this whole wide world, So good I want to be.
As good as you've been now, say,
As good as you've been to this whole wide world,
As good as you've been, babe,
So good I want to be here. Ain't no use in being faithful,
I see you look at the sky.
I know what's in it make you happy there,
But it only make you cry.
I think you got good intentions too, They don't manage to show through.
Whatever you give to the world outside,
I want to give it right back to you, yes I am!
Come on, come on, come on! So you meet somebody on the street,
You know you treat him mighty fine,
Or you meet somebody on the street
And you give him a real hard time. It's gonna come on home baby,
I said it's gonna come right back home to you.
I said it's gonna visit you now,
Yes it is, oh yes it is. As good as you've been to this whole wide world,
As good as you've been, babe,
So good I want to be here.
Oh, good as you've been to this whole wide world, As good as you've been, babe,
So good I want to be here.
Ah, the way you love your mother,
The way you love your sister, your brother,
The way you love your aunt, your uncle,
Anybody now, everybody now. Good as you've been babe, hurrah!
Good as you've been babe, hey!
Good as you've been babe, hey!
Good as you've been babe 'Cause I'm just gonna show you now
And I'm just gonna make you want it now
'Cause I 'm just gonna give you a thrill
Say, good as you been babe,
Hurrah, good as you been babe, Come on, good as you been babe,
I say, good as you been babe,
Oh daddy, good as you been babe,
My man, good as you been babe,
All right, yeah hey. When I'm on the road playin' in a town without a name,
And I'm feelin' low an' everybody looks the same.
Well, you catch my eye, and then you come on strong an' try to make your play.
Just because we loved tonight, please don't you think it's gonna stay that way. Don't you know that you're nothin' more than a one night stand.
Tomorrow I'll be on my way, an' you can catch me if you can.
Honey, take me by the hand and play that game again, yeah. Everywhere I go, the people want to make some time with me.
That's okay, if the next day I can be free.
Well, it's feelin' good and you're the one I'm lovin' tonight,
Well, don't you go and spoil it, babe, by trying to get yourself all uptight. Don't you know that you're nothing more than a one night stand.
I'll be on my way an' you can catch me if you can.
Honey, take me by the hand and play that game again, yeah!!! When I'm on the road, playin' in a town without a name,
Honey, I'm feelin' low and everyone looks the same.
Well, it's lookin' good and you're the one that's lovin' tonight,
Don't you go and spoil it babe, by trying to get yourself all uptight. Don't you know that you're nothing more than a one night stand.
I'll be one my way an' you can catch me if you can.
Honey, take me by the hand and play that game again. Don't you know that you're nothing more than a one night stand.
Oh, I'll be on my way, you can catch me if you can.
Honey, take me by the hand and play that game again. Don't you know that you're nothing more than a one night stand.
Lord!
Lord! There's gonna be days like this
When it seems like you're never gonna get your wish
There's gonna be nights when you can't sleep
Can't sleep at all
There's gonna be people
Trying to bring you down
When you try to ease the pressure
But you don't know how
There's gonna be times
When you think the sky is gonna fall Just when you feel like you're out on your own
Just look over your shoulder, you're not alone When you're in need
Just call on me
I'll be your strength
Anytime you're weak
You'll be alright
Just wait and see
I'll be your shelter
Just call on me There's gonna be rain when you least expect
There's gonna be times
When you wonder what's gonna happen next
There's gonna be problem after problem that you can't solve
Can't solve at all Just when you feel like you can never win
Well don't give up and I won't give in When you're in need
Just call on me
I'll be your strength
Anytime you're weak
You'll be alright
Just wait and see
I'll be your shelter
Just call on me Just when you feel like you're out on your own
Just look over your shoulder honey
You're not alone Ooh! Hey, hey, now!
Ooh! Alright, alright!
You went away, had your chance to say,
"I love you and I need you baby"
Yeah, but even if
Honey, I told you that now
You wouldn't believe me anyway, no, no, no.
Maybe you will now,
I've changed a lot somehow,
Let me prove what I say. Come back and believe my love,
Please! Now, come back, babe, and believe my love,
Come back, and believe the magic of love. Hon, I want the light without the darkness
I want the sky without the sun, now!
When do the stars and the moon keep shining ?
When they see me alone without my loved one, yeah! Oh, now baby, don't you hear me,
Won't-t-t-t-t-t-t you hear me I gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta tell you,
Oh baby, baby, baby, baby,
Honey, I just gotta tell you now,
Honey, I want to tell you that I want you to dig it! Now if you believe in magic,
Don't be afraid, afraid to use it, baby,
No, no, no, no, no, no, come on home
Dressed in the mystic silk
Or wearing rich rags and waste,
Darling, please! Come on back to me
I know we can be
Part of a magic race. Come back, and believe my love
Baby, come back, and believe my love,
Come back and believe the magic of love. Hey! Come back, babe, and believe my love
Come back, babe and believe my love,
Come back and believe the magic of love. Cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
Honey, welcome back home. I know she told you,
Honey I know she told you that she loved you
Much more than I did,
But all I know is that she left you,
And you swear that you just don't know why,
But you know, honey I'll always,
I'll always be around if you ever want me
Come on and cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
Oh honey, welcome back home. Don't you know, honey,
Ain't nobody ever gonna love you
The way I try to do ?
Who'll take all your pain,
Honey, your heartache, too ?
And if you need me, you know
That I'll always be around if you ever want me
Come on and cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby,
Oh daddy, like you always saying to do. And when you walk around the world, babe,
You said you'd try to look for the end of the road,
You might find out later that the road'll end in detroit,
Honey, the road'll even end in kathmandu.
You can go all around the world
Trying to find something to do with your life, baby,
When you only gotta do one thing well,
You only gotta do one thing well to make it in this world, babe.
You got a woman waiting for you there,
All you ever gotta do is be a good man one time to one woman
And that'll be the end of the road, babe,
I know you got more tears to share, babe,
So come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
And cry, cry baby, cry baby, cry baby. ( recording of july 28 1966, san francisco )
(spoken: this is an ol' little richard tune called 'oh my soul') Oh, my soul!
Oh, my soul! Baby baby baby, give me all the love you've got
Don't you know you've got the best love in the house
I said love, I said love, oh, my soul! Baby baby baby love your daddy all night long
Baby, baby, love you all night long
Love you, I'm gonna kiss you, oh, my soul! Now baby baby, well you drive me crazy
Oh, baby baby, well you drive me crazy
I said love, I said love, oh, my soul! Baby baby, you drive me crazy
Baby baby, ah you drive me crazy
I said love,i said love... Baby baby, drive me crazy, love you all night long
Oh, baby, love you, love you all night long
I said baby, I said baby, oh, my soul! (spoken: thank you very much) Amazing grace
How sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me.
I once was lost
But now I'm found
Was blind but now I see. Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends.
Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends,
So Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV?
Dialing For Dollars is trying to find me.
I wait for delivery each day until three,
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV? Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town?
I'm counting on you, Lord, please don't let me down.
Prove that you love me and buy the next round,
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town? Everybody!
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends,
Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends,
So oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? C'mon baby, let the good times roll
C'mon baby, let me thrill your soul
C'mon baby you're the best there is,
Roll all night long.
C'mon baby, let's close the door,
C'mon baby, let's ride some more,
C'mon baby, let the good times roll,
Roll all night long.
I feel so good when you're home.
Come on baby, let's ride some more
C'mon baby, rock me all night long!
C'mon baby, let's close the door
C'mon baby, let's ride some more
C'mon baby, let the good times roll,
Roll all night long.
C'mon baby, let the good times roll
C'mon baby, let me thrill your soul
C'mon baby you're the best there is,
Roll all night long.
C'mon baby, let's close the door
C'mon baby, let's ride some more
C'mon baby, let the good times roll,
Yeah, roll all night long.
Feels so good when you're home
Come on baby, rock me all night long!
C'mon baby, let's close the door
C'mon baby, let's ride some more
C'mon baby, let the good times roll,
Yeah, roll all night long.
I feel so good when you're home.
Come on baby, rock me all night long!
C'mon baby, let's close the door
C'mon baby, let's ride some more
C'mon baby, let the good times roll,
Yeah, roll all night long.
Roll all night long,
Roll all night long. Janis Joplin!! Three, four. Yeah!!!
Yeah!!!
Whoaa ... yeah!!! You thought you had found yourself a good girl,
One who would love you and give you the world.
Then you find, babe, that you've been misused,
Come to me, honey, I'll do what you choose. I want you to
Well, tell mama
Tell all about it.
Well, tell mama
What you need
Tell your mama, babe,
What you want.
Tell your mama, babe. 
LP Columbia AS 1377 (promo)
What you need
What you want.
What you need
What you want
Whoa! an' I'll make everything alright. That girl you didn't have no sense, babe,
Wasn't worth all the time that you spent.
That same man throwed you outdoors,
I just heard that he quartered your clothes, hey! Well, tell mama
All about it.
Tell mama
What you need.
Tell your mama, babe,
What you want
Tell your mama, babe. What you need
What you want
What you need
What you want,
Whoaaa! an' I'll make everything alright, daddy, I swear! Hey! That girl you had didn't have no sense, dear,
Wasn't worth all the time that you spent.
And that same man that throwed you outdoors,
I just heard that he stole all your clothes, hey. Well, tell mama
All about it
Tell mama
What you need
Tell your mama, babe
What you want
Tell your mama, babe What you need
What you want
What you need
What you want
Anything I can do
Anything I can do for you, baby. Tell your mama, babe!
Tell your mama, babe!
Tell your mama, babe!
Tell your mama, babe!
Tell your mama, babe!
Tell your mama, babe! Hey! Every time you get lonely, lonely, lonely,
Every time you get lonely sometime.
Every time you get lonely, lonely, lonely,
Every time you get lonely sometime. Every time you got to cry, cry,
Every time you gotta cry.
Every time you got to cry, cry, cry,
Every time you gotta cry. Well, I'll tell you, dear
If you're a woman
I can only assume
That you already know what you're looking for, baby. If you ever, if you were lookin', if you were lonely
if you were lookin', or lonely,
I know what you're lookin' for,
And I figured it out at fourteen years old
And I been lookin' for it every since, too, man. However, if you happen to be a very young man,
(Preferably a young man)
I'll tell you what you need, man,
When you wake up an' it doesn't feel right, man,
Your head don't feel right, nothin' feels right
I'll tell ya what you need   You need a sweet lovin' mama, babe,
Sweet talkin' mama, baby.
You need a sweet lovin' mama, babe. You need someone to listen to you,
Someone to talk to you,
Someone to hear you
Someone to want you
Someone to need you
Someone to use you
Someone to hold you Want you, talk, listen, hold ya, want you, need you,
Hold you, need you, want you, need you, hold you,
Won't you need me mama, mama, mama, mama baby
Hey now, mama, mama, mama, mama, baby
Lord, mama, mama, mama, mama, mama, baby
Hey, mama, mama, mama, mama, babe. Tell mama all about it
Tell mama all about it
What you need, what you want
What you need, what you want
Anything I can do
Anything, baby, I can do for you
Tell your mama, babe Whoa mama babe!
Whoa mama babe!
Whoa mama babe!
Whoa mama babe!
Whoa mama babe!
Whoa mama babe!
Whoa mama babe!
Whaa mama babe!
Whaa mama babe!
Whaa mama babe!
Whaa mama babe! Yeah
An' I'll make everything alright, yeah!
Hey! Alright! Oh ... Now women is losers
Now women is losers,
Women is losers, oh,
And then women is losers.
Well, I know you must-a heard it all,
I said now
Men always seem to end up on top anyway.
Oh... Well you know, if they told you they want you
They'll come around by your door.
Whoa I say now, if they don't desert you,
They'll leave you cryin' for more. Women is losers,
Now women is losers,
Women is losers, oh!
Ah then women is losers,
And now I know you must-a heard it all,
I said now men always seem to end up on top anyway.
Alright, alright. Remember they'll use you and confuse you,
They'll leave you with no one else around to play.
Babe I'm all upset too,
You'll watch out for 'em and you'll wonder
Why the hell there ain't another way, oh! Women is losers
Women is losers
Women is losers, ah.
And then women is losers.
Now I know you must-a heard it all,
I said now men always seem to end up on top, anyway! Oh, they wear a nice shiny armor
Until there is a dragon for to slay.
Any day now,
Course with men beggin' to pay 'em
Then they'll turn and run away, oh! Women is losers,
Yeah, women is losers,
Yeah, women is losers, oh!
And then women is losers,
So I know you must-a heard it all,
I said now
Men always seem to end up on top anyway! What good can drinkin' do, what good can drinkin' do ?
Lord, I drink all night but the next day I still feel blue. There's a glass on the table, they say it's gonna ease all my pain,
And there's a glass on the table, they say it's gonna ease all my pain.
But I drink it down, an' the next day I feel the same. Gimme whiskey, gimme bourbon, give me gin.
Oh, gimme whiskey, give me bourbon, gimme gin.
'cause it don't matter what I'm drinkin', lord, as long as it drown this sorrow I'm in. I start drinking friday, I start drinking friday night.
Lord, I start drinking friday, start drinking friday night.
But then I wake up on sunday, child, there ain't nothin' that's right. My man he left me, child, he left me here.
Yeah, my good man left me, went away and left me here.
Lord, I'm feelin' lowdown, just give me another glass of beer. What good can drinkin' do, what good can drinkin' do ?
Well, I drink all night but the next day I still feel blue!!! Hey mama, mama, come a look at sister,
She's a-standing on the levee trying to do that twist,
But easy rider don't you deny my name,
Oh no, oh no. Well, I got a girl with a diamond ring,
I'll tell you, boys, she knows how to shake that thing.
Oh! Easy rider don't you deny my name,
Oh no, oh no. Play it! Well, I got a horse and he lives in a tree,
He watches Huckleberry Hound on his TV.
But easy rider don't you deny my name,
Oh no, oh no. I would buy you a plastic suit
And I would even buy you some cardboard fruit.
Oh! But easy rider don't you deny my name,
Oh no, oh no. Yeah, easy rider, don't you deny my name, pretty baby doll
I said, easy rider, don't you deny my name, pretty baby doll
I said, easy rider, don't you deny my name, pretty baby doll
I said, easy rider, don't you deny my name, pretty baby Let's go, let's go let's go let's go. Peter you start it. Richard, you start it. Somebody start it. I just had to get out on the Texas plane,
Lord, well it was bringing me down.
Yeah, I had to get out of Texas, baby,
Lord, it was bringing me down.
I been all around the world,
But Port Arthur is the worst place that I've ever found. I guess they couldn't understand it there,
Honey, they'd laugh me off the street!
Lord, I guess they couldn't understand me, baby,
Honey, they'd laugh, I said they'd laugh me right off the street, yeah.
I said I want to keep on moving, baby,
Be the last person I ever wanna meet. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
Honey ain't it hard when you're all alone.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Honey ain't it hard, Lord, when you're all alone.
I might die real old lady
But I'd never call Texas my home,
No, no, no, oh! You say you come from Texas, baby,
She says she left Texas with just her name.
(That's what she told me.)
Yes she's from Texas I tell you,
She says she left Texas with just her name.
Yes, well I swear when that girl came to the big city
Lord, she learned a brand new game.
Well, yeah! Honey, I hear you talkin' about sorrow,
Baby but you don't know my pain that's right!
Mercy! Mercy!
I hear you talking about my sorrow,
You don't know my pain.
You know there's an inside kind of sorrow
Lord, the women are always singin' the blues.
All right, All right motherfucker, you sing! You know I, I dealt the Ace to the Queen,
You know I played scrabble with L.B.J.
Yes, I dealt an Ace to the Queen,
Didn't I'll tell ya I's playin' scrabble with L.B.J.
Well, I don't care what the name of the game is, baby, I tell you
I always seem to get my way. I used to be a doggone fool,
Fall for a woman's story every time.
But no more, I swear
Well, I used to be a, be a doggone fool,
Fall for that old woman's story every time.
Yes I, I'm a big boy now,
Yeah, they gotta come up with some kind of heavy line.
Well, well, yeah! Sounds like I found the man
Who could take care of my time.
It ain't me babe, it ain't me babe!
It appears to me that I found a man
That could take care of my time.
Well, I got my own trouble, I got my own car,
I got my own little lady, I got my hotel,
Oh what are you talking about!
Don't try to take it!
Somebody talks as fine as he does
Oughta be able to take care of
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Woman, woman, it just makes me mad.
Ahh! Ahh! Woman, Yeah,
Woman,
Yeah,
Woman,
Yeah,
Woman,
Yeah,
Woman,
Yeah, yeah,
it just makes me mad
Oh man shit, man...
Yes she played me for the fool I tell ya
Yes and I've got to love every man she's ever had, yeah. If I found a man who could put me down the way you do
I mean so handy-like, you know what I mean ?
Yeah, I found a man, whoa, who could put me down the way you do,
I mean so easy like it was second nature, y'know what I mean, man ?
Ah maybe that man could help me
At least, honey I thought I would give you a chance
I said I, what I said I could try after the, after the show tonight maybe uh ... I'm just a working man, you know
Ha ha ha ha, you don't work too hard, baby!
You know I ain't no Hollywood star.
I'm not Joe Namath, you know,
I read about that in the papers today
You know I'm just a working man
You don't work too hard, baby!
I never ran in a football game 200 yards
Ha ha ha ha ha, that's the kinda man I like, that's the kinda man I like.
But you know I can take care of those country girls
Well I can mess around in that farm-yard.
Lord, Lord, whoaah!! Ha ha ha! ha. Whew! Whew! Wow! That's getting a little too close, too heavy here. That's Nick Gravenites, that was a tune called Ego Rock. No! ... All right, rock, rock & roll song Oh, ain't no problem
Carry no heavy load
Lord, no
Why can't I love you, baby ?
You try to block my road
You try to block my road. Hey Oh, better off to hand you
Everything I own, ha ha ha ha
Strange to see you waiting for me
You try to block my road, yeah yeah
Try to block my road
Hey, hey, hey, hey Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block daddy daddy daddy
Road block
Road block
Alright on the road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Yeah! Road block
Road block, alright, alright, alright
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Whoa Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block
Road block Yeah Try to block my road, daddy daddy daddy
I said now every time I turn around
Why, Try to block my road
Why did you try to hurt me Try to block my road
I said all I ever wanted to do was Try to block my road
N-now all I ever wanted to do was to love you Try to block my road Tell me, tell me, tell me Try to block my road
Tell me, tell me, tell me now Try to block my road
Waaah Try to block my road
Waaah Try to block my road
Try to block my road Ha ha
Oh, ain't no problem
Carry no heavy load
Oh no, no
Why can't I love you, baby ?
You try to block my road
Hey hey, try to block my road
Now now, try to block my road
Right, right, honey right now Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
And I's feelin' near as faded as my jeans
Bobby thumbed a diesel down, just before it rained
It rode us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna
I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah
Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine
We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', don't mean nothin' hon' if it ain't free, no no
And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
You know, feelin' good was good enough for me
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee From the Kentucky coal mine to the California sun
There Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done
Yeah, Bobby baby kept me from the cold One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away
He's lookin' for that home, and I hope he finds it
But, I'd trade all of my tomorrows, for a single yesterday
To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah
But, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Hey, feelin' good was good enough for me, mm-hmm
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee La da da
La da da da
La da da da da da da da
La da da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da La la da da la da da la da da
La da da da da da da da da
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah Well, I call him my lover, call him my man
I said, I call him my lover did the best I can, c'mon
Hey now, Bobby now
Hey now, Bobby McGhee, yeah Woo
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la la
Hey, hey, hey Bobby McGhee, yeah
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah A woman left lonely will soon grow tired of waiting,
She'll do crazy things, yeah, on lonely occasions.
A simple conversation for the new men now and again
Makes a touchy situation when a good face come into your head.
And when she gets lonely, she's thinking 'bout her man,
She knows he's taking her for granted, yeah yeah,
Honey, she doesn't understand, no no no no! Well, the fevers of the night, they burn an unloved woman
Yeah, those red-hot flames try to push old love aside.
A woman left lonely, she's the victim of her man, yes she is.
When he can't keep up his own way, good Lord,
She's got to do the best that she can, yeah!
A woman left lonely, Lord, that lonely girl,
Lord, Lord, Lord! All is loneliness before me
Loneliness before me.
Loneliness. All is loneliness
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me. All is loneliness
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness. Loneliness come botherin' 'round my house
Loneliness come botherin'
Loneliness come botherin'
Loneliness come botherin' round my house
Loneliness Loneliness come worryin' round my door
Loneliness come worryin'
Loneliness come worryin'
Loneliness come worryin' round my door
Loneliness, oh loneliness All is
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness before me
Loneliness ... I been rockin' and reelin', lord as long as I can be
Lord, the man that I love tryin' to make a fool out of me.
Babe, I'm leavin', yeah I'm a-leavin' this mornin'
Goin' to kansas city to bring jim jackson home. Now well I used to drink and I'm gonna buy a gallon
I'm gonna find me my man I say, get a pair of overalls.
I'm leavin', yeah I'm gonna go to kansas city, ha ha ha,
Goin' to kansas city, yeah, to make my man my own. I'll walk on beauty street with an idea I might stay,
If she wants my man I'll just change my ways.
Lord I'm leavin', yeah I'm leavin' this mornin'
Goin' to kansas city to bring jim jackson home.
Go ahead, take it! Yeah! Gutra
Now now now now now now now now now now now now...
Gutra
Now now now now now now now now now now now now... Oh gutra, baby this is the end
Oh gutra, baby this is the end
Well I'm through with that girl, 'cause she flipped out on zen. Gutra... Goin' back to where I want to be,
I'm goin' back to where I want to be,
Well I'm back to my home, back in memphis, tennessee. Go on back back back back baby back to where I want to
Go on back back back back back back baby back to where I want to be
Back into my home, back in memphis, tennessee. Back back back back baby, back where I can go
I'm goin' back back back back baby, back where I wanna go
Back into my home, back in owens, oklahoma. Gutra...
Now now now now now now now now now now now now... I'm goin' down to the river jordan
I'm goin' down to the river jordan
I'm goin' down to the river jordan
I'm goin' down to the river jordan
One of these days. I'm gonna sit at the welcome table
I'm gonna sit at the welcome table
I'm gonna sit at the welcome table
Gonna sit at the welcome table
One of these days. I'm gonna find that blessed salvation
I'm gonna find that blessed salvation
I'm gonna find that blessed salvation
Gonna find that blessed salvation
One of these days. I'm gonna walk and talk with jesus
I'm gonna walk and talk with jesus
I'm gonna walk and talk with jesus
Gonna walk and talk with jesus
One of these days. I'm gonna hold hands with my master
I'm gonna hold hands with my master
I'm gonna hold hands with my master
I'm gonna hold hands with my master
One of these days. Now I'm goin' down to the river jordan
I'm goin' down to the river jordan
I'm goin' down to the river jordan
Goin' down to the river jordan
One of these days. Hon, I'm so alone.
Hey daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy, now now now.
Now, now, now!!!
Now, now, now!!!
Alright!!!
Alright!!!
Alright!!!
Alright!!!
Yeah!!! ha ha ha ha ha, yeah! Hon, when I'm sittin' round late in the evenin', child,
Wonderin' why, why, why did I ever leave, whoa.
And I said I sit around and I'm a-wonderin'
Why, why did I ever leave,
Hey, I gotta know now.
Well, I went out searchin' for somethin', baby,
I left it behind me, honey, now I see, yeah.
Well alright, well alright. Well I guess I move once too often, babe,
I woke up and found myself alone.
Whoa, I guess I moved just one too many times,
Woke up an' found myself alone,
Hey, I don't like it!
Well, cold sheets made me realize
Catch me, daddy, 'cause I'm movin' on.
Hey, hey, whoaaa!!! Come on up, come on up, come up I've got to move on
Come on up, because I've got to go
Because I got to find me my baby, yeah
You know I got to find me my baby, yeah
You know I got to find me my baby, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
I said every day I've been searchin' babe,
Whoa, lord, every night.
I said now every day I've been searchin' babe,
Honey I want to tell you it ain't right.
I said every day now, now, now, now, now, now
Every day now, now.
I said every day now, now, now, now, now, now
Every day now, now.
Oh won't you take it on down,
Yeah, take it on down now now, Softer babe, a little softer babe,
Hum hum. Oh, I like it like that,
Said I like it like that,
Feels so good to me,
Feels so good to me,
Honey I want you to like it, too.
Hey hey hey, oh woman hey hey hey.
Talkin' 'bout my baby,
Talkin' 'bout my baby,
Talkin' 'bout my baby, baby,
Talkin' 'bout my man. You know, I want ya, need ya, I gotta have ya
'cause I want ya need ya, I gotta have ya
'cause this my-my-my-my-my-my-my-man now now now
My-my-my-my-my-my-my-man.
Honey I want you I need you, babe I've gotta have you,
I want you I need you, babe I've gotta have you,
'cause this my-my-my-my-my-my-my-man now
My-my-my-my-my-my-my-man.
Every morning I realize, whoa babe every night
Said now, every morning I realize,
I said, "janis, you know it ain't right". Comin' home, babe,
Yeah, hey, comin' home, babe,
Yeah, yeah, comin' home, babe
Yeah, yeah, comin' home, babe
Hey, hey, comin' home, babe.
Hey, hey, comin' home, babe.
Hey, hey, comin' home, babe.
Whoaaa!! whoaaa!! yeah. Oh, I might take a plane, baby,
I may take a train, baby.
Oh, I guess I might finally work it out,
'cause I gotta, gotta, gotta,
I say alright!
Oh!
Yeah!
Oh! I said I'm goin' on down to brownsville
Gonna take, take, take your ride and roll,
Whoaaa, if you see me an' my baby, comin', oh, come on, oh yeah, comin' home, alright!
Alright! Alright, another tune, we love to do it, ha ha ha, called "the magic of love", got it ? let's go, "magic of love", Harry
Harry
Harry, please come home
Alright Out in Black Mountain a child will smack your face.
I'm saying out on Black Mountain a child will smack your face.
The babies cryin' for liquor, and all the birds sing bass.
Well, those people in Black Mountain are mean as they can be.
And those people in Black Mountain are mean as they can be.
Now they uses gun powder just to sweeten up their tea.
Well, out in Black Mountain you can't keep a good man in jail.
Yeah, out in Black Mountain you can't keep a good man in jail
'Cause if the jury convicts him, the judge will pay his bail.
I had a man in Black Mountain, the sweetest man in town.
I had a man in Black Mountain, the sweetest man in the town.
But then he met a city gal, that's when he throwed me down.
Lord, I'm bound for Black Mountain, me and my razor and my gun,
I'm going back to Black Mountain, me and my razor and my gun.
I'm gonna fire him if he stands still, I'll just cut him if he runs.
Lord, now you've heard my story, now you've heard my news.
Lord, now you've heard my story, now you've heard my news.
Now my man can clear off, I've got the Blackest Mountain blues. INSTRUMENTAL I'm a caterpillar
I'm a caterpillar
Crawling for your love
Crawling for your love
Crawling for your love,
For your love. I'm a butterfly
I'm a butterfly
Flying for your love
Flying for your love
Flying for your love,
For your love. Well, I'll be anything that you want me to be.
Baby, I'd even would be a-climbing up your tree. I'm a pterodactyl
I'm a pterodactyl
Dying for your love
Dying for your love
Dying for your love
For your love. I'm an abominable snowman
I'm an abominable snowman
Calling for your love
Calling for your love
Calling for your love
For your love. Well now baby, I'll be anything that you want me to be,
Baby, a big monkey, a little monkey, a chimpanzee. Oh now,
I'm a caterpillar
I'm a caterpillar
Falling for your love
Falling for your love
Falling for your love
For your love. Oh baby,
Falling for your love
Falling for your love
Falling for your love
For your love. Falling for your love
Falling for your love
Falling for your love
For your love. I don't understand how come you're gone, man. I don't understand why half the world is still crying, man, when the other half of the world is still crying too, man, I can't get it together. i
If you got a cat for one day, man I mean, if you, say, say, if you want a cat for 365 days, right you ain't got him for 365 days, you got him for one day, man. well I tell you that one da
N, better be your life, man. because, you know, you can say, oh man, you can cry about the other 364, man, but you're gonna lose that one day, man, and that's all you've got. you gotta call that
, man. that's what it is, man. if you got it today you don't want it tomorrow, man, 'cause you don't need it, 'cause as a matter of fact, as we discovered in the train, tomorrow never happens, m
T's all the same fucking day, man. Well, baby, when times are bad,
Now call on me, darling, and I'll come to you.
When you're in trouble and feel so sad,
Well, call on me, darling, I said call on me, and I'll help you.
Yeah! A man and a woman have each other, baby,
To find their way in this world.
I need you, darling, like the fish needs the sea,
Don't take your sweet, sweet love from me. Baby, when you're down and feel so blue,
Well, no, you won't drown, darling, I'll be there, too.
You're not alone, I'm there, too,
Whatever your troubles, honey, I don't care. A man and a woman have each other, baby,
To find their way in this world.
I need you, darling, like the fish needs the sea,
Don't take your sweet, sweet love from me! Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for a train
And I's feelin' near as faded as my jeans
Bobby thumbed a diesel down, just before it rained
It rode us all the way to New Orleans I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna
I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah
Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine
We sang every song that driver knew Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', don't mean nothin' hon' if it ain't free, no no
And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
You know, feelin' good was good enough for me
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee From the Kentucky coal mine to the California sun
There Bobby shared the secrets of my soul
Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done
Yeah, Bobby baby kept me from the cold One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away
He's lookin' for that home, and I hope he finds it
But, I'd trade all of my tomorrows, for a single yesterday
To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose
Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah
But, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues
Hey, feelin' good was good enough for me, mm-hmm
Good enough for me and my Bobby McGhee La da da
La da da da
La da da da da da da da
La da da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Bobby McGhee, yeah La da La la da da la da da la da da
La da da da da da da da da
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Hey, my Bobby
Oh, my Bobby McGhee, yeah Well, I call him my lover, call him my man
I said, I call him my lover did the best I can, c'mon
Hey now, Bobby now
Hey now, Bobby McGhee, yeah Woo
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la la
Hey, hey, hey Bobby McGhee, yeah
La da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la da, la
Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGhee, yeah   