 There must be some kind of way outta here
Said the joker to the thief
There's too much confusion
I can't get no relief Business men, they drink my wine
Plowman dig my earth
None were level on the mind
Nobody up at his word
Hey, hey No reason to get excited
The thief he kindly spoke
There are many here among us
Who feel that life is but a joke
But, uh, but you and I, we've been through that
And this is not our fate
So let us stop talkin' falsely now
The hour's getting late, hey All along the watchtower
Princes kept the view
While all the women came and went
Barefoot servants, too
Outside in the cold distance
A wildcat did growl
Two riders were approaching
And the wind began to howl [Intro]
Hey Joe
Where you going with that gun in your hand?
Hey Joe
I said where you going with that gun in your hand? [Verse 1]
I'm going down to shoot my old lady
You know, I caught her messing around with another man
I'm going down to shoot my old lady
You know, I caught her messing around with another man
And that ain't too cool [Verse 2 ]
Hey Joe
I heard you shot your woman down
Shot her down, now
Hey Joe
I heard you shot your old lady down
You shot her down to the ground [Verse 3]
Yes I did, I shot her
You know, I caught her messing around, messing around town
Yes I did, I shot her
You know, I caught my old lady messing around town
And I gave her the gun
I shot her! [Guitar Solo/Bridge]
Hey Joe, alright
Shoot her one more time, baby [Verse 4]
Hey Joe, said now
Where you going to run to now?
Where you going to run to?
Hey Joe, I said
Where you going to run to now?
Where you, where you going to go?
Well, dig it [Verse 5]
I'm going way down south
Way down to Mexico way
Alright
I'm going way down south
Way down where I can be free
There's no one going to find me [Verse 6]
There's no hangman going to
He ain't gonna put a rope around me
You better believe it right now
I got to go now [Outro]
Hey Joe
You better run on down
Goodbye everybody, ow!
Hey Joe, uh
Run on down Purple haze, all in my brain
Lately things they don't seem the same
Actin' funny, but I don't know why
Excuse me while I kiss the sky Purple haze, all around
Don't know if I'm comin' up or down
Am I happy or in misery?
What ever it is, that girl put a spell on me Help me
Help me
Oh, no, no Ooo, ahhh
Ooo, ahhh
Ooo, ahhh
Ooo, ahhh, yeah! Purple haze all in my eyes
Don't know if it's day or night
You got me blowin', blowin' my mind
Is it tomorrow, or just the end of time? Ooo
Help me
Ahh, yea-yeah, purple haze
Oh, no, oh
Oh, help me
Tell me, tell me, purple haze
I can't go on like this
Purple haze
You're makin' me blow my mind
Purple haze, n-no, nooo
Purple haze Foxy
Foxy You know you're a cute little heartbreaker
Foxy
You know you're a sweet little lovemaker
Foxy I wanna take you home
I won't do you no harm, no
You've got to be all mine, all mine
Ooh, foxy lady I see you, heh, on down on the scene
Foxy
You make me wanna get up and uh scream
Foxy
Ah, baby listen now
I've made up my mind yeah
I'm tired of wasting all my precious time
You've got to be all mine, all mine
Foxy lady Here I come I'm gonna take you home
I won't do you no harm, no
You've got to be all mine, all mine Here I come baby
I'm comin' to get ya
Ow foxy lady
You look so good
Yeah, foxy
Yeah, give us some
Foxy
Yeah, get it, babe
You make me feel like
Feel like sayin' foxy
Oh lady
Foxy
Foxy lady
Foxy lady After all the jacks are in their boxes
And the clowns have all gone to bed
You can hear happiness staggering on down the street
Footprints dressed in red
And the wind whispers Mary A broom is drearily sweeping
Up the broken pieces of yesterdays life
Somewhere a queen is weeping
Somewhere a king has no wife
And the wind, it cries Mary The traffic lights they all true blue tomorrow
And shine their emptiness down on my bed
The tiny island sags downstream
Cause the life that lived is, is dead
And the wind screams Mary Will the wind ever remember
The names it has blown in the past
And with his crutch, its old age, and it's wisdom
It whispers no, this will be the last
And the wind cries Mary Wild thing, you make my heart sing
You make everything groovy, wild thing
Wild thing, I think I love you
But I wanna know for sure
Come on and hold me tight
I love you Wild thing, you make my heart sing
You make everything groovy, wild thing
Wild thing, I think you move me
But I wanna know for sure
Come on and hold me tight
You move me Wild thing, you make my heart sing
You make everything groovy, wild thing
Wild thing, you make my heart sing
You make everything groovy, wild thing
Wild thing, you make my heart sing
You make everything groovy, wild thing Well she's walking through the clouds
With a circus mind
That's running wild
Butterflies and zebras and moonbeams
And fairly tales That's all she ever thinks about Riding the wind When I'm sad she comes to me
With a thousand smiles
She gives to me free It's alright, she says
It's alright
Take anything you want from me
Anything Fly on, little wing Yeah)
(Sing a song, brother)
If the sun refused to shine,
I don't mind, I don't mind.
(Yeah)
If the mountains fell in the sea,
Let it be, it ain't me.
Got my own world to live through
And I ain't gonna copy you. Now, if 6 turned up to be 9,
I don't mind, I don't mind.
If all the hippies cut off their hair,
I don't care, I don't care.
Dig? 'Cos I got my own world to live through
And I ain't gonna copy you. White-collar conservatives flashing down the street
Pointing their plastic finger at me.
They're hoping soon my kind will drop and die,
But I'm gonna wave my freak flag high . . . HIGH! Wave on Wave on Hah, hah
Falling mountains just don't fall on me
Point on mister businessman,
You can't dress like me.
Nobody know what I'm talking about
I've got my own life to live
I'm the one that's gonna have to die
when it's time for me to die
So let me live my life the way I want to. Yeah . . .
Sing on brother,
Play on brother . . . Well, I stand up next to a mountain
And I chop it down with the edge of my hand
Well, I stand up next to a mountain
Chop it down with the edge of my hand
Well, I pick up all the pieces and make an island
Might even raise just a little sand
'Cause I'm a voodoo child
Lord knows I'm a voodoo child I didn't mean to take you up all your sweet time
I'll give it right back to you one of these days
I said, I didn't mean to take you up all your sweet time
I'll give it right back to you one of these days
And if I don't meet you no more in this world
Then I'll, I'll meet you in the next one
And don't be late, don't be late
'Cause I'm a voodoo child
Lord knows I'm a voodoo child
I'm a voodoo child Alright,
Now dig this, baby You don't care for me
I don'-a care about that
Gotta new fool, ha!
I like it like that I have only one burning desire
Let me stand next to your fire
Let me stand next to your fire (Repeat 4 times) Listen here, baby
And stop acting so crazy
You say your mum ain't home,
It ain't my concern,
Just play with me and you won't get burned I have only one itching desire
Let me stand next to your fire
Let me stand next to your fire (Repeat 4 times) Oh! Move over, Rover
And let Jimi take over
Yeah, you know what I'm talking 'bout
Yeah, get on with it, baby
That's what I'm talking 'bout
Now dig this!
Ha!
Now listen, baby You try to gimme your money
You better save it, babe
Save it for your rainy day
I have only one burning desire
Let me stand next to your fire
Let me stand next to your fire Manic depression is touching my soul
I know what I want but I just don't know
How to, go about gettin' it
Feeling sweet feeling,
Drops from my fingers, fingers
Manic depression is catchin' my soul Woman so weary, the sweet cause in vain
You make love, you break love
It's all the same
When it's, when it's over, mama
Music, sweet music
I wish I could caress, caress, caress
Manic depression is a frustrating mess Well, I think I'll go turn myself off,
And go on down
All the way down
Really ain't no use in me hanging around
In your kinda scene Music, sweet music
I wish I could caress, caress, caress
Manic depression is a frustrating mess You got my pride
Hanging out of my bed
You're messin' with my life
So I brought my lead
You even mess with my children
And you're screamin' at my wife, baby
Get off my back,
If you want to get outta here alive Freedom,
That's what I want now
Freedom, that's what I need now
Freedom to live
Freedom, so I can give You got my heart
Speak electric water
You got my soul
Screamin' and howlin'
You know you hook my girlfriend
You know the drugstore man
When I don't need it now
I was trying to slap it out of her head Freedom, so I can live
Freedom, so I can give
Freedom, yeah
Freedom, that's what I need You don't have to say that you love
If you don't mean it
You'd better believe
If you need me
Or you just want to bleed me
You'd better stick in your dagger in someone else
So I can leave
Set me free
(Yeah) Right on, straight ahead
Stay up and straight ahead
Freedom, so I could live
Freedom, 'cause I've got lotta to give, baby
Freedom, so I can live, freedom The story of jesus
So easy to explain
After they crucified him,
A woman, she claimed his name
The story of jesus
The whole Bible knows
Went all across the desert
And in the middle, he found a rose There should be no questions
There should be no lies
He was married ever happily after
All the tears we cry
No use in arguing
All the use to the man that moans
When each man falls in battle
His soul it has to roam
Angles of heaven
Flying saucers to some,
Made easter sunday
The name of the rising sun The story is written
By so many people who dared,
To lay down the truth
To so very many who cared
To carry the cross
Of jesus and beyond
We will guide the light
This time with a woman in our arms
We as men
Can't explain the reason why
The woman's always mentioned
At the moment that we die
All we know
Is God is by our side,
And he says the word
So easy yet so hard I wish not to be alone,
So I must respect my other heart
Oh, the story
Of jesus is the story
Of you and me
No use in feeling lonely,
I am searching to be free Angel came down from Heaven yesterday
She stayed with me just long enough to rescue me
And she told me a story yesterday
About the sweet love between the moon and the deep blue sea And then she spread her wings high over me
She said she's gonna come back tomorrow And I said, "Fly on my sweet Angel
Fly on through the sky
Fly on my sweet Angel
Tomorrow I'm gonna be by your side" Sure enough this morning came on to me
Silver wings silhouetted against the child's sunrise
And my Angel, she said on to me
"Today is the day for you to rise" Take my hand, you're gonna be my man
You're gonna rise and then she took me high over yonder And I said, "Fly on my sweet Angel
Fly on through the sky
Fly on my sweet Angel
Forever I will be by your side" Ah yeah!
There's a red house over yonder,
That's where my baby stays
Lord, there's a red house over yonder
Lord, there's where my baby stays
I ain't been home to see my baby
In ninety nine and one half days Wait a minute, something's wrong here
The key won't unlock this door
Wait a minute, something's wrong, lord, have mercy
This key won't unlock this door,
Something's goin' on here
I have a bad bad feeling
That my baby don't live her no more Well, I might as well go back over yonder,
Way back up on the hill
That's something to do
Lord, I might as well go back over yonder,
Way back yonder cross the hill
'Cause if my baby don't love me no more
I know her sister will
Yeah. It's getting near dawn,
When lights close their tired eyes.
I'll soon be with you my love,
To give you my dawn surprise.
I'll be with you darling soon,
I'll be with you when the stars start falling. I've been waiting so long
To be where I'm going
In the sunshine of your love. I'm with you my love,
The light's shining through on you.
Yes, I'm with you my love,
It's the morning and just we two.
I'll stay with you darling now,
I'll stay with you till my seas are dried up. I've been waiting so long
To be where I'm going
In the sunshine of your love. I've been waiting so long
To be where I'm going
In the sunshine of your love. I'm with you my love,
The light's shining through on you.
Yes, I'm with you my love,
It's the morning and just we two.
I'll stay with you darling now,
I'll stay with you till my seas are dried up. I've been waiting so long
I've been waiting so long
I've been waiting so long
To be where I'm going
In the sunshine of your love. If you can just get your mind together
Then come on across to me
We'll hold hands and then we'll watch the sunrise
From the bottom of the sea But first, are you experienced?
Have you ever been experienced?
Well, I have I know, I know you probably scream and cry
That your little world won't let you go
But who in your measly little world
Are you trying to prove that
You're made out of gold and, eh, can't be sold So, are you experienced?
Have you ever been experienced?
Well, I have Let me prove it to you... Trumpets and violins I can hear in distance
I think they're calling our names
Maybe now you can't hear them, but you will
If you just take hold of my hand Oh, but are you experienced?
Have you ever been experienced?
Not necessarily stoned, but beautiful... Once upon a time you dressed so fine
Threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you
Peopled called you, said 'beware the doll, you're bound to fall',
You thought they were all kidding you
You used to laugh about
Everybody else that was hanging out
Now you don't talk so loud
Now you don't seem so proud
About having to be scrounging around for your next meal How does it feel
How does it feel
To be on your own
In no direction home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone (Yeah, sing a song bro'...)
If the sun refused to shine
I don't mind, I don't mind
(Yeah)
If the mountains ah, fell in the sea
Let it be, it ain't me.
(Well, all right) Got my own world to live through and uh, ha !
And I ain't gonna copy you. Yeah (sing the song brother...)
Now if uh, six uh, huh, turned out to be nine
Oh I don't mind, I don't mind uh ( Well all right... )
If all the hippies cut off all their hair
Oh I don't care, oh I don't care.
Dig. 'Cause I've got my own world to live through and uh, huh
And I ain't gonna copy you. White collar conservative flashin' down the street
Pointin' their plastic finger at me, ha !
They're hopin' soon my kind will drop and die but uh
I'm gonna wave my freak flag high, high !
Oww ! Wave on, wave on... Ah, ha, ha
Fall mountains, just don't fall on me
Go ahead on mister business man, you can't dress like me
Yeah ! Don't nobody know what I'm talkin' about
I've got my own life to live
I'm the one that's gonna die when it's time for me to die
So let me live my life the way I want to
Yeah, sing on brother, play on drummer. Waterfall
Nothing can harm me at all
My worries seem so very small
With my waterfall I can see
My rainbow calling me
Through the misty breeze
Of my waterfall Some people say
Daydreaming's for all the
Lazy minded fools
With nothin' else to do
So let them laugh, laugh at me
So just as long as I have you
To see me through
I've got nothing to lose
Long as I have you Waterfall
Don't ever change your ways
Fall with me for a million days
Oh, my waterfall Well, I'm a voodoo chile
Lord I'm a voodoo chile Well, the night I was born
Lord I swear the moon turned a fire red
The night I was born
I swear the moon turned a fire red
Well my poor mother cried out "Lord, the gypsy was right!"
And I seen her, fell down right dead
(Have mercy) Well, mountain lions found me there waitin'
And set me on an eagle's back
Well, mountain lions found me there
And set me on an eagle's wing
(It's the eagle's wing, baby, what did I say?)
He took me past to the outskirts of infinity
And when he brought me back
He gave me a Venus witch's ring
Hey
And he said "Fly on, fly on"
Because I'm a voodoo chile, yeah, voodoo chile
Hey Well, I make love to you
And Lord knows you'll feel no pain
Say, I make love to you in your sleep
And Lord knows you felt no pain
(Have mercy)
'Cause I'm a million miles away
And at the same time I'm right here in your picture frame
(Yeah! What did I say now)
'Cause I'm a voodoo chile
Lord knows, I'm a voodoo chile
(Yeah!) Well my arrows are made of desire
From far away as Jupiter's sulphur mines
Say my arrows are made of desire, desire
From far away as Jupiter's sulphur mines
(Way down by the Methane Sea, yeah)
I have a humming bird and it hums so loud
You think you were losing your mind, hmmm Well I float in liquid gardens
And Arizona new red sand
(Yeah)
I float in liquid gardens
Way down in Arizona red sand Well, I taste the honey from a flower named Blue
Way down in California
And the in New York drowns as we hold hands 'Cause I'm a voodoo chile
Lord knows I'm a voodoo chile Down the street you can hear her scream you're a disgrace
As she slams the door in his drunken face
And now he stands outside
And all the neighbors start to gossip and drool
He cries oh, girl you must be mad,
What happened to the sweet love you and me had?
Against the door he leans and starts a scene,
And his tears fall and burn the garden green And so castles made of sand fall in the sea, eventually A little Indian brave who before he was ten,
Played war games in the woods with his Indian friends
And he built the dream that when he grew up
He would be a fearless warrior Indian Chief
Many moons past and more the dream grew strong
Until tomorrow he would sing his first war song
And fight his first battle but something went wrong,
Surprise attack killed him in his sleep that night And so castles made of sand melts into the sea, eventually There was a young girl, who's heart was a frown
Cause she was crippled for life,
And she couldn't speak a sound
And she wished and prayed she could stop living,
So she decided to die
She drew her wheelchair to the edge of the shore
And to her legs she smiled you wont hurt me no more
But then a sight she'd never seen made her jump and say
Look a golden winged ship is passing my way! And it really didn't have to stop, it just kept on going... And so castles made of sand slips into the sea, eventually Told me a story yesterday
About the sweet love between the moon and the deep blue sea
And when it was time for her to leave she spread her wings high over me
And said I shall return tomorrow And I said fly on my sweet angel
Fly on through the sky
Fly on my sweet, sweet angel
Tomorrow I shall have you by my side Sure enough this mornin' came to me
Silver wings silhouetted against the golden rose of today's sunrise
And the angel she bent down and told me
You'll never have to worry about this place just wipe your weepin' eyes
I'll take you where you've never been, you can fly
I looked around and I thought Fly on my little angel
Fly on through the sky
Fly on my sweet angel
Tomorrow I'll be by your side
I got my wings to fly Yeah!
Lord, I feel the ocean swaying me
Washing away all my pain
See where I used to be wounded
Remember the scars, now you can't see a thing
And I don't feel no pain oh no
Hey!
Singing about the Valley of Sunrise
Green and blue canyons too
I'm singing about Atlantis love songs
Valleys of Neptune is rising, rising, rising Mercury liquid and emeralds shining
They're showing me where I came from baby
Honey sun turquoise bed he lays on
On the burning edge horizon
I'm sailing on a bluebird's mission
Bubble and curls and tiptoes in the foam
See the wind make love to all the ocean
And the waves spread the message got home
And the message got home
Hey yeah!
I'm singing about Atlantis love songs
Egypt moon trips flying flying
Playing about the valleys of autumn
Valleys of Neptune is rising rising
Valleys of Neptune is rising rising Valleys of Neptune
guitar - rock on baby rock, oo oo oo, ri-i-ise, rise baby now Lookout East coast, you're going to have a neighbor
Rebirth land home of the praying sands
We know there were three continents so much older
And they shall rise and tell us much more the truth of man
I see visions of sleeping peaks erupting
Releasing all hell that will shake the Earth from end to end
And this ain't good news, bad news, or any news
It's just the truth
Better save your souls while you can Hey man, take a look out the window 'n' see what's happ'nin'
Hey man, it's rainin'
It's rainin' outside man
Aw, don't worry 'bout that
Everything's gonna be everything
We'll get into somethin' real nice you know
Sit back and groove on a rainy day
Yeah
Yeah I see what you mean brother, lay back and groove. Rainy day, dream away
Ah let the sun take a holiday
Flowers bathe an' ah see the children play
Lay back and groove on a rainy day. Well I can see a bunch of wet creatures, look at them on the run
The carnival traffic noise it sings the tune splashing up 'n'
Even the ducks can groove rain bathin' in the park side pool
And I'm leanin' out my window sill diggin' ev'rything
And ah and you too. Rainy day, rain all day
Ain't no use in gettin' uptight
Just let it groove its own way
Let it drain your worries away yeah
Lay back and groove on a rainy day hey
Lay back and dream on a rainy day. You jump in front of my car when you,
you know all the time that
Ninety miles an hour, girl, is the speed I drive
You tell me it's alright, you don't mind a little pain
You say you just want me to take you for a ride You're just like crosstown traffic
So hard to get through to you
Crosstown traffic
I don't need to run over you
Crosstown traffic
All you do is slow me down
And I'm tryin' to get on the other side of town I'm not the only soul who's accused of hit and run
Tire tracks all across your back
I can see you had your fun
But darlin' can't you see my signals turn from green to red
And with you I can see a traffic jam straight up ahead You're just like crosstown traffic
So hard to get through to you
Crosstown traffic
I don't need to run over you
Crosstown traffic
All you do is slow me down
And I got better things on the other side of town Machine gun
Tearing my body all apart Machine gun
Tearing my body all apart Evil man make me kill ya
Evil man make you kill me
Evil man make me kill you
Even though we're only families apart Well I pick up my axe and fight lik a bomber
(you know what I mean)
Hey and your bullets keep knocking me down Hey I pick up my axe and fight like a bomber now
Yeah but you still blast me down to the ground The same way you shoot me down baby
You'll be going just the same
Three times the pain
And your own self to blame
Hey machine gun Oooooooooo I ain't afraid of your mess no more, babe
I ain't afraid no more
After a while your your cheap talk don't evern cause me pain
So let your bullets fly like rain 'cause I know all the time you're wrong baby
And you'll be goin' just the same
Yeah machine gun
Tearing my family apart
Yeah yeah alright
Tearing my family apart Don't you shoot him down
He's about to leave here
Don't you shoot him down
He's got to stay here
He ain't going nowhere
He's been shot down to the ground
Oh where he can't survive no no Yeah that's what we don't wanna hear any more, alright
No bullets
At least here, huh huh
No guns, no bombs
Huh huh
No nothin', just let's all live and live
You know instead of killin' Angel came down from heaven yesterday
She stayed with me just long enough to rescue me
And she told me a story yesterday,
about the love between the moon and the deep blue sea
And when it was time for her to go,
she spread her wings high over me
And she said "I shall return tomorrow" And I said "fly on my sweet angel,
fly on through the sky,
fly on my sweet angel,
tomorrow I'm gonna be by your side" And sure enough this morning comes to me
When silver wings silhouetted against the glow of the child's sunrise
And as the bluebirds and the sparrows envy me,
she says "I love you little boy
and today you shall fly"
She kissed me once
and the feelings so good she made me cry
And now, we can fly together And I said "fly on my sweet angel,
fly on through the sky,
fly on my sweet angel,
together we shall always be high" Golden rose, the color of the dream I had
Not too long ago
A misty blue and the lilac too
A never to grow old. A there you were under the tree of song
Sleeping so peacefully
In your hand a flower played
A waiting there for me. I have never laid eyes on you,
not before this timeless day.
But you woke and ya, waah, you smiled my name, ah.
And you stole my heart away, ah,
ah stole my heart away little girl, yeah
All right ! Golden rose, the color of the dream I had
Not too long ago
Misty blue and lilac too
A never to grow old. Golden rose, the color of the dream I had
Misty blue and lilac too
Golden rose, the color of the dream I had
Misty blue and lilac too
Gold and rose, gold are rose, gold and rose. It's only a dream
I'd love to tell somebody about this dream
The sky was filled with a thousand stars
While the sun kissed the mountains blue
And eleven moons played across rainbows
Above me and you.
Gold and rose the color of the velvet walls surround us. Everyday in the week I'm in a different city
If I stay too long people try to pull me down
They talk about me like a dog
Talkin' about the clothes I wear
But they don't realize they're the ones who's square Hey!
And that's why
You can't hold me down
I don't want to be down I gotta move on
Ah Stone free to do what I please
Stone free to ride the breeze
Stone free I can't stay
I got to got to got to get away right now Alright
Listen to this baby
A woman here a woman there try to keep me in a plastic cage
But they don't realize it's so easy to break
But sometimes I get a ha
Feel my heart kind of runnin' hot
That's when I've got to move before I get caught Hey that's why, listen to me baby, you can't hold me down
I don't want to be tied down
I gotta be free
Owh! I said
Stone free to do what I please
Stone free to ride the breeze
Stone free I can't stay
Got to got to got to get away
Yeah ow!
Tear me loose baby Yeah! Owh!
Stone free to ride on the breeze
Stone free to do what I please
Stone free I can't stay
Stone free I got to I got to get away
Stone free I'm gone baby, right now, don't try to hold me back
Stone free go on down the highway
Stone free I got to, got to, got to
Stone free bye bye baby Well, I wait around the train station
Waitin' for that train
Waitin' for the train, yeah
Take me home, yeah
From this lonesome place
Well, now a while lotta people put me down a lotta changes
My girl had called me a disgrace Dig
The tears burnin'
Tears burnin' me
Tears burnin' me
Way down in my heart
Well, you know it's too bad, little girl,
it's too bad
Too bad we have to part (have to part) Dig
Gonna leave this town, yeah
Gonna leave this town
Gonna make a whole lotta money
Gonna be big, yeah
Gonna be big, yeah
I'm gonna buy this town
I'm gonna buy this town
An' put it all in my shoe
Might even give a piece to you
That's what I'm gonna do,
what I'm gonna do,
what I'm gonna do  Anger, he smiles,
Towering in shiny metallic purple armour
Queen Jealousy, envy waits behind him
Her fiery green gown sneers at the grassy ground Blue are the life-giving waters taken for granted,
They quietly understand
Once happy turquoise armies lay opposite ready,
But wonder why the fight is on
But they're all bold as love, yeah, they're all bold as love
Yeah, they're all bold as love
Just ask the axis My red is so confident that he flashes trophies of war,
And ribbons of euphoria
Orange is young, full of daring,
But very unsteady for the first go round
My yellow in this case is not so mellow
In fact I'm trying to say it's frightened like me
And all these emotions of mine keep holding me from, eh,
Giving my life to a rainbow like you
But, I'm bold as love, yeah, I'm bold as love
Yeah, yeah
Well I'm bold, bold as love (hear me talking, girl)
I'm bold as love
Just ask the axis (he knows everything)
Yeah,
Yeah,
Yeah! I just want to talk to you
I won't uh, do you no harm
I just want to know about your diff'rent lives
On this is here people farm
I heard some of you got your families
Living in cages tall and cold
And some just stay there and dust away
Past the age of old.
Is this true ?
Please let me talk to you. I just wanna know about
The rooms behind your minds
Uh do I see a vacuum there
Or am I going blind ?
Or is it just uh, remains of vibrations
And echoes long ago ?
Uh things like "Love the world" and uh
Uh "Let your fancy flow"
Is this true ?
Please let me talk to you
Let me talk to you. I have lived here before
The days of ice
And of course this is why
I'm so concerned
And I come back to find
The stars misplaced
And the smell of a world
That is burned
A smell of a world
That is burned. Yeah well, maybe, hmm...
Maybe it's just a... change of climate
Hmm, hmm...
Well I can dig it
I can dig it baby
I just want to see. So where do I purchase my ticket ?
I'd just like to have a ringside seat
I want to know about the new Mother Earth
I want to hear and see everything
I want to hear and see everything
I want to hear and see everything
Yeah... Aww, shucks
If my daddy could see me now
Everything, everything, everything, oh everything. Jimi :
"buddy miles is goin' to do something he wrote called 'them changes'." Well my mind is goin' through them changes
I feel just like I'm in the time
Every time you see me goin' some where
I feel like I'm going out of my mind, yeah
Oh, my baby she left me the other day
And we were have so much fun yeah, yeah
Oh, my baby she stepped out on me
And that's the reason why she had to part
It's alright yeah yeah
It's alright
What I say
It's alright
Ooo hooo
Well my mind is goin' through them changes
I think I'm goin' out of my mind
Every time you see me goin' some where
I think I could commit a crime know
She had me runnin'
She had me cryin'
She had me runnin'
She had me had me had me cryin'
She had me runnin'
She had me cryin'
She had me runnin'
Had me cryin'
It's alright yeah yeah
It's alright
Clap your hands
Go clap your hands
Can you clap a little louder
It's alright
It's alright
Everything goin' to be alright
It's alright x5
Yeah, yeah, everybody yeah
Yeah x12
Oh no
I want my love x3
It's alright
Whaa
It's alright he he
It's alright Jimi:
"buddy miles there" Here comes, Dolly Dagger
Her love so heavy gonna make you stagger
Dolly Dagger
She drinks the blood from a jagged edge
Ah, drink up baby Been ridin' broomsticks since she was fifteen
Blow out all the other witches on the scene
She got a bull whip just as long as your life
Her tong can even scratch the soul out of the devil's wife Well, i seen her in action at the players choice
Turn all the love men into donut boys
Hey red hot momma, you'd better step aside
This chick's gonna turn you to a block of ice
Look out Here comes, Dolly Dagger
Her love so heavy gonna make you stagger baby
Dolly Dagger
She drinks the blood from a jagged edge
Right on
Drink up baby
Hey! Yeah, look at old burnt out superman
Tryin' to shoot his dust on the sun
Captain comic is the man on the run
On the words of love
Do they ever touch dolly brown
Better get in some highway and clear outta town Here comes Dolly Dagger
Her love's so heavy, gonna make you stagger
Dolly Dagger
She ain't satisfied 'til she get what she's after
She drinks the blood from the jagged edge
Look out baby here comes your master
Alright
Watch out there baby
Gonna give a little bit of that Dolly heavy mama
Get it on get it on get it on Hey, look out for my glass up there, man!
That's my drink, man, that's my drink, alright...
Make it a double, or eh...
Somebody has to sing
Some body will sing?
Somebody will sing, right?
(I don't know!) Y'all pass me that bottle,
And I'll sing you all a real song
Yeah!
Let me get my key, ahum! Well, I'm looking through Harlem
my stomach squeal just a little more
A stagecoach full of feathers and footprints,
pulls up to soap box door
Now a lady with a pearl handled necktie
Tied to the driver's fence
breathes in my face,
bourbon and coke possessed words
& "Haven't I seen you somewhere in hell,
or was it just an accident?"
(You know how I felt then, and so:) Before I could ask "was it the East or West side?"
my feet they howled in pain
The wheels of a bandwagon cut very deep,
but not as deep in my mind as the rain
And as they pulled away I could see her words
Stagger and fall on my muddy tent
Well I picked them up, brushed them off,
to see what they say,
and you wouldn't believe:
`Come around to my room, with the tooth in the middle,
and bring along the bottle and a president' And eh sometimes it's not so easy, baby
Especially when your only friend,
talks, sees, looks and feels like you,
and you do just the same as him
(Gets very lonely up this road, baby)
(Yeah, hmmm, yeah)
(Got more to say!) Well I'm riding through LA (huh),
on a bicycle built for fools
And I seen one of my old buddies
And he say, "you don't look the way you usually do"
I say, "well, some people look like a coin-box"
He say, "look like you ain't got no coins to spare"
And I laid back and I thought to myself, and I said this:
I just picked up my pride from underneath the pay phone,
and combed this breath right out of my hair
And sometimes it's not so easy
Especially when your only friend
talk, sees, looks and feels like you,
and you do just the same as him just got out of a Scandinavian jail,
and I'm on my way straight home to you
But I feel so dizzy I take a quick look in the mirror,
to make sure my friend's here with me too
And you know good well I don't drink coffee,
so you fill my cup full of sand
And the frozen tea leaves on the bottom
Sharing lipstick around the broken edge
And my coat that you let your dog lay by the fire on
And your cat he attacked me from his pill-box ledge
And I thought you were my friend too
Man, my shadow comes in line before you
I'm finding out that it's eh not so easy
Specially when your only friend
Talks, looks, sees and feels like you,
and you do the same just like him (Lord it's so lonely here, hmmm, yeah)
Yeah!
(Pass me that bottle over there...)
Yeah, yeah, okay... Peoples, peoples, peoples
You know what it means to be left alone
Peoples, peoples, people
You know what it means to be left alone
Yeah
Lord it happened to day
Lord not even a call on my telephone
Understandin'
Lord a little love in the world is all I need
A little love and understanding baby
It's all in the world I need
Lose of love
A misunderstanding of a no good woman
Lord they've both caused my heart to bleed
All right Every mornin'
Every mornin' the willows weep among for me
Every mornin' yes the willows weep among for me
The birds sang the love song
My baby's caused my heart to bleed She walks with a bell-clock round her neck
So the hippies think she's in with time
Time
Her hair glistens like robins on a deck
Branches attack me from her neck She's so fine
She's so very very fine The sun from a cloud sinks into her eyes
The rain from a tree soaks into her mind
Mind
Morning sign sounds just like a lock
All these signs are always a stock She's so fine
She's so very very fine When I veer I get so near
But so far far far away
Listen to me, today We united just beside a leaf
The ground was hard underneath her Ahhhahhh
She's so fine
Ahhhahhh The morning is dead
And the day is, too
There's nothing left here to meet me
But the velvet moon
All my loneliness I have felt today
It's like a little more than enough
To make a man throw himself away And I continue
To burn the midnight lamp
Alone Now the smiling portrait of you
Is still hangin' on my frowning wall
It really doesn't, really doesn't bother me too much at all
It's just the ever falling dust
That makes it so hard for me to see
That forgotten earring layin' on the floor
Facing coldly towards the door I continue
To burn the midnight lamp
Lord, alone Loneliness is such a drag So here I sit to face
That same old fire place
Gettin' ready for the same old explosion
Goin' through my mind
And soon enough time will tell,
About the circus in the wishing well
And someone who will buy and sell for me
Someone to toll my bell And I continue
To burn this old lamp
Lord, alone
Darlin' can't ya hear me callin' you?
So lonely
Gonna have to blow my mind
Lonely Will I live tomorrow?
Well, I just can't say
Will I live tomorrow?
Well, I just can't say
But I know for sure
I don't live today
No sun comin' through my windows
Feel like I'm livin' at the bottom of a grave
No-ho sun comin' through my windows
Feel like I'm livin' at the bottom of a grave
I wish you'd hurry up and rescue me
So I can be on my miserable way
(well), I don't
Live today
Maybe tomorrow, I just can't say, but, uh
I don't
Live today
It's such a shame to waste your time away like this
Existing
Well, uh-i don't
Live today
Maybe tomorrow, I just can't tell you baby, but, uh
Oh, I don't
Live today
Its such a shame to spend the time
Away like this
Existing
Yeah
Ow
Yeah
Oh, no
Yeah
Oh, there ain't no life no where
Uh-ha, {cough}-hmm, {sniff}
Down, man
(are) you experienced? {clap}
Get experienced {clap}
Get experienced
Uh, get experienced {clap}
Uh, get experienced {clap} (bv=[are] you experienced? )
Are you experienced? (bv={clap} are you experienced? ) Well, I stand up next to a mountain
And I chop it down with the edge of my hand
Well, I stand up next to a mountain
Chop it down with the edge of my hand
Well, I pick up all the pieces and make an island
Might even raise just a little sand
'Cause I'm a voodoo child
Lord knows I'm a voodoo child I didn't mean to take you up all your sweet time
I'll give it right back to you one of these days
I said, I didn't mean to take you up all your sweet time
I'll give it right back to you one of these days
And if I don't meet you no more in this world
Then I'll, I'll meet you in the next one
And don't be late, don't be late
'Cause I'm a voodoo child
Lord knows I'm a voodoo child
I'm a voodoo child Hurray I awake from yesterday
Alive but the war is here to stay
So my love catherina and me
Decide to take our last walk thru the noise to the sea
Not to die but to be reborn
Away from the lands so battred and torn
Forever forever Oh say can you see it's really such a mess
Every inch of earth is a fighting nest
Giant pencil and lipstick-tube shaped things
Continue to rain and cause screamin' pain
And the arctic stains from silver blue to bloody red
As our feet find the sand
And the sea is straight ahad
Straight up ahead Well it's too bad that our friends can't be with us today
Well it's too bad
The machine that we built
Would never save us that's what they say
That's why they ain't comin' with us today
And they also said it's impossible
For a man to live and breathe undrerwater
Forever was a main complaint
Yeah and they also threw this in my face they said
Anyway you know good and well
It would be beyond the will of god
And the grace of the king
Grace of the king
Yeah Ooo So my darling and I make love in the sand
To salute the last moment ever on dry land
Our machine it has done it's work played it's part well
Without a scratch on our body when we bid it farewell
Starfish and giant foams greet us with a smile
Before our heads go under we take our last look at the killing noise
Of the out of style
The out of style out of style oh yeah
Oooo So down and down and down and down we go
Hurry my darlin' we mustn't be late
For the show
Neptune champion games to an aqua world is so my dear
Right this way smiles a mermaid
I can hear atlantis full of cheer
Atlantis full of cheer
I can hear atlantis full of cheer
Oh yeah There goes Ezy
Ezy Ryder
Ridin down the highway of desire
He says the free wind
takes him higher
Tryin to find his heaven above
but he's dyin to be loved He's tellin me livin
is so magic
Something is forever
so he claims
He's talkin' bout lyin
it's so tragic baby
But don't you worry bout today
we got freedom comin' our way Solo How long
do you
think he is gonna last
carryin' out on a gas (?) See all the others say
"do what you please"
Gotta get the brothers together
and the right to be free
In a cloud of angel dust
I think I see me a freak
Hey motorcycle mama
you gonna marry me? ha,ha Bridge: I'll be stone crazy
love comin in at you
Stone crazy baby Solo Repeat first verse "lady's and gentlemen, the Jimi Hendrix experience." "I see that we meet again hmmm. yeah well, well, well. dig,
Dig, I'd like to get something strait, we umm we got tired
Of the experience, and every once in a while we're blowing
Our minds too much, so we decided to change everything around.
And a call it 'gypsy sons and rainbows' for short nothin' but
A band of gypsies. we have billy cox playin' bass, and um from
Nashville Tennessee we have lary lee playin' guitar over there,
We got juma playin' congos over there, juma, and we have granny
Goose, oh I'm sorry Mitch Mitchell on drums over there, and we
Got jerry velez on congos too. you got yours truly on Pete Whistle,
What me worry? gives us about a minute and a half to tune up ok.
Like we only had about two rehearsals so a we'll only do a primary
Rhythm thing. (someone in the background) I have mine thank you
I have mine thank you, baby." Yeah, his guitar swung across his back
His dusty boots is his Cadillac
Flamin' hair just a-blowin' in the wind
Ain't seen a bed in so long it's a sin He left home when he was seventeen
The rest of the world he had longed to see
And everybody knows boss
A rolling stone gathers no moss Now you'd probably call him a tramp
But it goes a little deeper than that
He's a highway chile
Dame Now some people say he had a girl back home
Messed around and did a bit a wrong
They tell me it kinda hurt him bad
Kinda made him feel pretty sad I couldn't say what went through his mind
Anyway he left the world behind
Everybody knows the same old story
In love or war you can lose your glory Now you'd probably a-call him a tramp
But I know it goes a little deeper than that
He's a highway chile
Walk on brother
Dame Yeah
Walk on brother His old guitar slung across his back
His dusty boots is his Cadillac
Flamin' hair just a-blowin' in the wind
Ain't seen a bed in so long it's a sin Now you may call him a tramp
But I know it goes a little deeper then that
He's a highway chile
Walk on brother
Don't let no one stop ya
Highway chile
Ya ya ya Highway chile
Rollin' stone
Rollin' down the highway
Rollin' stone
Highway chile
Ya ya
Highway chile
Rollin' stone Well, I see hands and tear stained faces
Reachin' up but not quite touching the promised land
Well, I taste tears and a whole lot of previous years wasted
Saying 'lord please give us a helping hand'
Lord lord lord
Lord, there's got to be some changes
Lord lord lord
Gonna be a whole lot of re-arranges Lord lord lord
You better hope love is the answer
Lord lord lord
Yeah, it better come before the summer Well, everybody can hear the sound of freedom's beating heart
Sirens flashing with earth and rockets stoning
You better love me like it's gonna be the last time
And tell the child to bury daddy's old clothes
Love love love
Yeah, they're talking about getting together, yeah
Love love love
Together for love love love
Love love love
You better hope love is the answer baby
I think you better hope it comes before the summer Everybody
Everybody
Everybody
Every sister
Everybody
Every mother
Everybody
To feel the light
Everybody
It's shining bright baby
Everybody
Everybody, we got to live together, oh
Right on baby
Feel those earth blues coming at you baby Don't let your imagination take you by surprise
A queen and me i, one day, visualise
My head in the cloud, my feet on the pavement
Don't get too stoned, please remember you're a man
Love love love
Lord, there's got to be some changes
Love love love
Living together's gonna be a lot of re-arranges
Love love love
You better be ready, lord, my lord
Love love love
Just hope love comes before the summer Everybody
Everybody,
Everybody
Got to feel the light
Everybody
You gotta feel the light, baby
Everybody,
Everybody
We gotta live together
Everybody
Keep it together,
Everybody
Right on together,
Everybody
Oh yeah All standing together for the earrth blues coming at you baby
Love love love
Right on
Feel those earth blues coming at you
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah let me hear it Hello, my friend
So happy to see you again
I was so alone
All by my self
I just couldn't make it Have you heard, baby
What the winds blowing round
Have you heard, baby
A whole lot of peoples coming right on down Communication, yeah
Is coming on strong
And don't give a damn, baby
If your hair is short or long, huh I said, get out of your grave
Everybody is dancing in the street
Do what you know, don't be slow
You gotta practice what you preach
'Cause it's time for you and me
Come to face reality (it sounds like he says "fake reality") Forget about the past, baby
Things ain't what they used to be
Keep on Straight Ahead
Keep on straight Ahead Straight Ahead, baby
Straight Ahead, baby We got to stand side by side
We got to stand together and organize
They say power to the people,
That's what they're screamin'
Freedom of the soul
Pass it on, pass it on to the young and old You got to tell the children the truth
They don't need a whole lot of lies
Because one of these days, baby
They'll be running things
So when you give them love
You better give it right
Woman and child and man and wife
The best love to have is the Love Of Life Pushing on Straight Ahead
Straight Ahead, baby Hello my friend
It's so good to see you again
And I've been all by my self
I don't think I can make it alone
I gotta keep on pushing ahead CAN YOU SEE ME? BEGGING YOU ON MY KNEES
WO YEAH
CAN YOU SEE? ME BABY
BABY PLEASE DON'T LEAVE
YEAH IF YOU CAN SEE ME DOING THAT
YOU CAN SEE IN THE FUTURE OF A THOUSAND YEARS CAN YOU HEAR ME?
CRYIN' ALL OVER TOWN
YEAH BABE
CAN YOU HEAR ME BABY?
CRYING CAUSE YOU PUT ME DOWN
WHAT'S WITH YA
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME DOING THAT
YOU CAN HEAR A FREIGHT TRAIN COMING FROM A THOUSAND MILES AH YEAH
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
SINGING THIS SONG TO YOU
AH YOU BETTER OPEN UP YOUR EARS
CAN YOU SEE ME BABY?
SINGING THIS SONG TO YOU
AW SHUCKS
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME SING
YOU BETTER COME HOME LIKE YOU SUPPOSED TO DO CAN YOU SEE ME?
HEY HEY
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU CAN SEE ME
WO YEAH
CAN YOU HEAR ME BABY?
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU CAN
YOU CAN'T SEE ME Oh, remember the mocking bird, my baby bought
He used to sing for his supper, baby
Yes he used to sing for his supper, babe
He used to sing so sweet
But uh since my baby left me he ain't sang a tune all day
Oh, remember the blue-birds and the honey bees,
They used to sing for sunshine
They used to sing for the flowers
They used to sing so sweet
But since my baby left me they ain't sang a tune all day
Hey pretty baby, come on back to me
Make ev'ry body as happy as can be
So, baby, if you'll please come home again you know I'll
Kiss you for my supper,
You know I'll kiss you for my dinner, yeah!
But, ah, if you don't come back you know I'll have to
Starve to death
'Cus I ain't had one kiss all day now
Please remember
You've got to remember
You've got to remember our love
Come on back, baby, come on back in my arms,
I'll make ev'rything that better
Come on, baby, hurry up now
Can you hear me calling you back again now?
Come on, baby, stop jiving around, hurry home, hurry home Have you ever been (have you ever been) to electric ladyland?
The magic carpet waits for you so don't you be late
Oh, (I wanna show you) the different emotions
(I wanna run to) the sounds and motions
Electric woman waits for you and me
So it's time we take a ride, we can cast all of your hang-ups over
The seaside
While we fly right over the love filled sea
Look up ahead, I see the loveland, soon you'll understand. Make love, make love, make love, make love. The angels will spread their wings, spread their wings
Good and evil lay side by side while electric love penetrates the sky
Lord, lord I wanna show you
Hmm, hmmm, hmmm
Show you Once I had woman
Lord knows she was good to me in every way
Yes I had a woman, a real woman
Lord, she gave me lovin both night and day
No sunshine, for my woman
Where else, where else are you tryin to take me one lonely day
(let me tell ya somethin)
She ran way down to Dallas
Way down in Texas land
Lord, she had me wrapped around her wrist, and around her finger
Like a ring wrapped around the third finger of a severed hand
Lookin for my Dallas honey bee
Where can you beeeeee?
Where can you be?
Lord help me Oh, say can you see
By the dawns early light
What so proudly we hailed
At the twilights last gleaming?
Who's broad striped and bright stars
Through the perilous fight
O'er the ramparts we watched
Were so gallantly streaming?
And the rocket's red glare!
The bombs bursting in air!
Gave proof through the night
That our flag was still there
Oh, say does that star spangled banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free
And the home of the brave? It's very far away
It takes about a half and a day to get there
If we travel by my uh, dragon-fly
No it's not in Spain
But all the same you know, it's a groovy name
And the wind's just right.
Hey ! Hang on my darling
Hang on if you wanna go
Here it's a really groovy place
It's uh, just a little bit of uh, said uh, Spanish Castle Magic. The clouds are really low
And they overflow with cotton candy
And battle grounds red and brown
But it's all in your mind
Don't think your time on bad things
Just float your little mind around
Look out ! Ow ! Hang on my darling, yeah
Hang on if you wanna go
Get on top, really let me groove baby with uh Just a little bit of Spanish Castle Magic. Yeah baby,
here's some
Yeah, ok babe, ok
It's still all in your mind babe
Oww !
Yeah ! Ah ! Hang on my darling, hey
Hang on, hang on if you wanna go
And it's happening, oh no, damn hey ! That's right baby, listen
A little bit of Spanish Castle Magic
Hey !
Little bit of Spanish Castle Magic
Hey hey !
I can't uh, sing this song, no
Yeah, ok baby
Get on baby
Yeah
It's all in your mind baby
Little bit of daydream here and there
Oh !
Yeah !
Ooh ! yeah !
Ow !
Ev'rything's gonna be alright!  You better stop it babe
You better stop it babe
Stop your jivin' 'round
Stop it baby
Stop your doggin' 'round Stop
Baby can't you see that I can't take it no more
Stop
Now baby can't you see I'm 'bout to go through the floor Never knew how good love could be
Love done gone and made a damn fool of me
Everything is hazy
One more kiss and you drive me crazy baby Baby stop
Hold it just a minute while I go catch my breath
Stop
Baby can't you see I'm bout to scare me half to death Thought I was the captain of my ship
Oh yeah love has gone and made me lose my grip
Everything is hazy
One more kiss and you drive me crazy baby Stop, stop, stop, stop Stop
Baby can't you see that I can't take it no more
You know how I'm feelin' baby
Stop
Baby can't you see I'm bout to go through the floor Never knew how good love could be
Love done gone and made a damn fool of me
Everything is hazy
One more kiss and you drive me crazy baby Stop, stop, stop, stop Your jivin' baby
Your messin' around
Until mornin' time Stop it baby
Everyday, yeah
Stop your jivin' around Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop the stars up above that play with laughing Sam's dice
gave me this feeling
that it weren't the world for us
the zodiac rise, and
dreams'll come through the skies
it will happen soon for you
and away we go! Yeah
Thank you very much for coming
Thank you very much
And now we would like to bring to you our one and only friendly neighbourhood experience maker
Right now listen
Thank you very much
The milky way express is loaded, all aboard
I promise each and every one of you you won't be bored
Now this pastime gets everybody honest and straight
What I'm really singing about
Is my grandmas pair of butterfly roller skates
Thank you, thank you Now watch the ride Uh, I meant to say that there'll be no throwing cigarette butts out the window
No throwing cigarette butts out the window, thank you
I hope all of you brought your toothbrush
Now to the right you will see Saturn
Outta sight, really outta sight
And if you look to the left you'll see Mars
Yeah, OK. Yeah, OK.
I hope your brought your parachute with you
Hey! Hey, look out! Look out for that door!
Don't open that door!
Don't open that door!
(Ah, man!)
That's the way it goes
And now we're coming through the Milky Way section, yeah
Bring your cornflakes and stuff like that, Milky Way
Yeah, everything is all right, outta sight
If you look around you, you will see a few minds being blown
It's happening, it's happening
Yeah!
I hope you enjoy your ride; I am! Hurray, I awake from yesterday
Alive, but the war is here to stay
So my love, Catherina and me,
decide to take our last walk through the noise to the sea
Not to die but to reborn,
away from lands so battered and torn
Forever, forever Oh say, can you see it's really such a mess
Every inch of Earth is a fighting nest
Giant pencil and lipstick tube shaped things,
Continue to rain and cause screaming pain
And the arctic stains from silver blue to bloody red
as our feet find the sand,
and the sea is straight ahead, straight up ahead Well it's too bad that our friends, can't be with us today
Well it's too bad
The machine, that we built,
would never save us', that's what they say
(That's why they ain't coming with us today)
And they also said it's impossible for a man to live and breathe under
water, forever,
was the main complaint
And they also threw this in my face, they said:
Anyway, you know good and well it would be beyond the will of God,
and the grace of the King (grace of the King)
(Yeah, yeah) So my darling and I make love in the sand,
to salute the last moment ever on dry land
Our machine, it has done its work, played its part well
Without a scratch on our bodies and we bid it farewell
Starfish and giant foams greet us with a smile
Before our heads go under we take a last look at the killing noise
Of the out of style, the out of style, out of style(oooh)... jimi hendrix
miscellaneous
hear my train a comin' (get my heart back together) jimi:
"thank you very much. and i'd like to go on with another slow thing.
i'd like to get by with a little bit of jam messin' around with back
at the house. i think we're going to call "get my heart back together
again"
have you heard about my baby
have you heard about my baby
yeah
yeah
have you heard about my baby makin' love to all the world
well i, wait around train station waitin' for that train
take me
take me away from this loansome town
too bad you don't love me no more girl
too bad your people put me down
put me down
tears burnnin' me
tears burning me in my eyes
way down
way down in my soul
tears burnin' me in my soul
too bad you put me away like a child now
lord it's too bad they made me go i hear my train a comin'
i hear my train a comin'
hear my train a comin'
i hear my train a comin'
yeah, i'm gonna leave this town
lord, i got to leaze this town
i wanna be a voodoo child
and try and be a magic boy
come back and buy this town
come back and buy this town
and put it all in my shoe
heyaaaa
if you'll make love to my one more time baby
hey, i might even give a piece to you
peace to you
i hear my train a comin'
i hear my train a comin'
i hear my train a comin'
i hear my train a comin'
i hear my train a comin'
hear my train a comin'
hear my train a comin'
hear my train a comin'
jimi:
"thank you very much, yeah. are these microphones all screwed up
again as usual, yeah. i know what you mean. it's so embarasing man
i'm sitting up here." damn ooh "those people are lookin' at me too man"
damn "half a million eyes, tell somebody to turn off the microphones
while we get in tune alright." Foxy
Foxy You know you're a cut little heartbreaker
yeah,Foxy
You know you're a sweet little lovemaker
Foxy I wanna take you home
I won't do you no harm, no
You've got to be all mine, all mine
Ooh, foxy lady yeah,foxy,foxy,now a I see you, heh, on down on the scene
ooh,Foxy
You make me wanna get up and scream
Foxy
Ah, baby listen now
yeah,I've made up my mind
I'm tired of wasting all my precious time
You've got to be all mine, all mine
Foxy lady
Here I come
foxy,foxy,foxy,foxy
yeah
I'm gonna take you home
I won't do you no harm, no
You've got to be all mine, all mine
foxy lady One, two, one, two, three Well I travel at the speed unknown to man
So I brang you a message from the mirrors of my hand
I said a message of love don't you hid away
Face the mirrors of your mind
Face the truth today Well I am what I am thank god
Lord some people just don't understand
Help them god
I said find yourself first
And then your tool
Find yourself first
Just don't be no fool I see a woman comin'
I see ya layin' on your back
For the birth of pleasure
I see you on the right track
Free is free
You ain't supposed to be
Now don't rely on no man
Try to argue instead
I said find yourself first
And then your talent
Work hard in your mind
Go come alive
And proove to the man
Your as strong as him
In the eyes of god Is that the stars in the sky, or is it
Rain fallin' down
Will it burn me if I touch the sun
So big, so round Would I be truthful, yeah, in,
Choosing' you as the one for me?
Is this love baby,
or is it just confusion? My mind is so messed up
Goin' round and round
Must there be all the colours
Without names, without sound, baby?
My heart burns with feeling, but,
My mind, it's cold and reeling
Is this love baby,
or is it confusion? My head is poundin', poundin'
Goin' 'round and 'round and 'round and 'round
Must there always be these colours?
Without names, without sounds
My heart burns with feeling, but,
My mind, it's cold and reeling
Is this love baby,
or is it just confusion?
You tell me baby, is this
Love or confusion? Mama, we must get together and find out
exactly what we're tryin' to do Love or confusion?
Confusion Hey Izabella
Girl, I'm holding you in my dreams every night.
Yeah, but you know good well baby,
You know we got this war to fight.
Well, I'm calling you under fire
Well, I hope you're receiving me all right. Hey, Izabella
Girl, I'm fightin' this war for the children and you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, baby!
All this blood is for the world of you.
All your love!
So I hope you save your love, baby
Then I know the fightin' is true. Have you ever been (have you ever been) to Electric Ladyland?
The magic carpet waits for you so don't you be late
Oh, (I wanna show you) the different emotions
(I wanna run to) the sounds and motions
Electric woman waits for you and me
So it's time we take a ride, we can cast all of your hang-ups over
the seaside
While we fly right over the love filled sea
Look up ahead, I see the loveland, soon you'll understand. Make love, make love, make love, make love. The angels will spread their wings, spread their wings
Good and evil lay side by side while electric love penetrates the sky
Lord, Lord I wanna show you
Hmm, hmmm, hmmm
Show you. 51st anniversary A fifty years they've been married
And they can't wait for their fifty first to roll around
Yeah, roll around
A thirty years they've been married
And now they're old and happy and they settle down
Settle down yeah!
Twenty years they've been married
And they did everything that could be done
You know their havin' fun And then you come along and talk about So you say you wanna be married
I'm gonna change your mind
Oh got to change
That was the good side baby
Here comes the bad side Ten years they've been married
And a thousand kids run around hungry
Cause ther mother's a louse
Daddy's down at the wihiskey house
That ain't all For thirty years they've been married
They don't get along so good
They're tired of each other, you know how that goes
She got another lover
Huh same old thing So now you're seventeen
Running around hanging out, and a havin' your fun
Life for you has just begun, baby And then you come saying
So you, you say you wanna get married
Oh baby trying to put me on a chain
Aint that some shame
You must be losing your, sweet little mind
I ain't ready yet, baby, I ain't ready
I'm gonna change your mind Oooh look out baby
Oh
I ain't ready
I ain't ready
I ain't ready Let me live
Let me live
Let me live a little longer Etc. Well I wish, I was a catfish
Swimin' in the, the deep blue sea
I have all you pretty women
Fishin' after me
Showin' up after me
Oh well
Ow well
Oh yeah
Oh yeah Well I went down
To my girlfriends house
And I sat alone on her front step
And she said a "come in outcha man and just your love"
I just now left
I just now left
And I say
Who yeah
She said sure enough you did
Who yeah
Who yeah
Who yeah
Oh yeah Yeah,
Well there's two
Two trains runnin'
But there's not a one that's goin' my way
You know there's a, one train running at midnight
The other one leave just for day
Leave just for day
Oh well
Yeah I role and I tumble
Practically all night long
I role and I tumble
Practically all night long
Well, my baby don't treat me well
??
Yeah There goes Ezy
Ezy Ryder
Ridin down the highway of desire
He says the free wind
takes him higher
Tryin to find his heaven above
but he's dyin to be loved *note: I'm not exactly sure about these next 2 lines* He's tellin me livin
is so magic
Something is forever
so he claims
He's talkin' bout lyin
it's so tragic baby
But don't you worry bout today
we got freedom comin' our way Solo How long
do you
think he is gonna last
carryin' out on a gas (?) See all the others say
"do what you please"
Gotta get the brothers together
and the right to be free
In a cloud of angel dust
I think I see me a freak
Hey motorcycle mama
you gonna marry me? ha,ha Bridge:
I'll be stone crazy
love comin in at you
Stone crazy baby Solo Repeat first verse Well, you've got me floatin' around and 'round
Always up, you never let me down
The amazing thing: you turned me on nat'rally
Oh and I kiss you when I please.
You've got me floatin' 'round and 'round
We're floatin' 'round and 'round
You've got me floatin', never down
Hey ! Touch the ceiling babe
You've got me floatin', nat'rally
Got me floatin', nat'rally
You've got me floatin', float to please
Yeah ! Now ya... Y'get me floatin' uh across and through uh
You make me float right on out to you
There's only one thing I need to get a me there
Is to hear you laugh without a care.
What I say now ah You've got me floatin' 'round and 'round
Hey ! 'round and 'round
You've got me floatin', never down
Got me floatin', wooh hey !
You've got me floatin', nat'rally
Got me floatin', nat'rally
You've got me floatin', float to please Got me floatin' You've got me floatin' 'round and 'round
Hey! Gimme one more time brother, say it
You've got me floatin', never down
Got me floatin', yeah
You've got me floatin', nat'rally
See the sky ? Look up
You've got me floatin', float to please Now your daddy's cool and your mama's no fool
They both know I'm head over heels for you
And when the day melts down into a sleepy, red glow
That's when my desires start to show. Have me floatin'
Hey ! hey !
You've got me floatin'
Got me floatin'
You've got me floatin'
Touch the sky
You've got me floatin'
You've got me floatin'
You've got me floatin'
Hey, hey, hey !
You've got me floatin'
Floatin', hey, hey !
You've got me floatin'
Oww ! Hey !
You've got me floatin'
Got me floatin' Hey baby where are you coming from?
Well she looked at me and smiled
And looked into space and said "I'm coming from the land of the new rising sun"
Then I said, "hey baby, where are you trying to go to?"
Then she said "I'm going to spin and spread around peace of mind and a whole lot of love to you and you" Hey girl I'd like to come along
Yes, I'd love to come along "Would you like to come along?" she asked me
"Yes, take me along right now" Hey baby, can I step into your world for a while?
"Yes you can," she said
Come on back with me for a while
We're going to go across the Jupiter sand and see all you people one by one
We got to help you people out right now
That's why I'm doing it all about They don't know
They don't know
Like I know
Like I know
Do you know
They don't know
I don't know
I don't know
What my baby
What my baby
Put on down
Put on down
What my baby
What my baby
I just came back from
I don't know
I can't count it
I can't count it
I just can't find this town
They don't know
I'm lookin' for my seller
I don't know my baby
Have you seen her
Have you freed her yeah
Have you seen her
Oooh hhhooo
Talkin' about my baby
Goin' down
Talkin' about my baby I just came in
I just came in baby
I just came in
I just came in
Spread the magic baby
All in my bed
She got chains, attached to my head
Talkin' about
Talkin' about
Talkin' about my baby
I don't know about it They don't know what I know
They don't know like I know
All the time I've been hangin' around
All the time I hang around
She didn't know
A she didn't care
She didn't know
She didn't care
And she go walkin' down the street singin'
Everybody die
Da da dada da doo doo
Etc. (scat singing) They don't know
Nobody knows
They don't know
Just don't know
Da da da... Way down Louisiana close to New Orleans,
Way back up in the woods among the evergreens
Livin' in a cottage made of earth and wood,
Lived a country boy name of Johnny B. Goode
He never ever learned to read or write so well,
But he could play the guitar just like ringing a bell. Go, go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Johnny B. Goode He use to carry his guitar in a gunny sack
And sit beneath the trees by the railroad track.
Oh, strummin' his guitar in the gentle shade,
Playing to the music that the drivers made.
People passing by they'd stop and say
Oh my that little country boy could play Go, go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Johnny B. Goode His mama told him ?someday you will be a man,
And you will be the leader of a big old band.
All kinds a people coming from miles around
To hear ya play ya guitar 'till the sun go down
Maybe someday your name will be in lights
Saying Johnny B. Goode tonight. Go, go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Go, Johnny go , go
Johnny B. Goode I am your trash man-
Throw out all your trash today-
Clean out your mind today-
Please pass the weed
And please take some heed.
Take your fast glass guns and
Throw them away.
There he goes, hey
I just the gypsy bandit. Gypsy talk-
She has been here 3 times and
The 4th time, she was emptied in from
The mouth of a bottle.
Seems like I seen you somewhere before-
And her dog named pig had a red
Neck shaped just like a cracker
Dipped in rot hole. Address 3rd trash can from the
Left. that's where I'll be-
Just take all your blues
And throw them at my feet.
-oh that's what friends are for.
Yes I sing the blues for me and you.
Let me do changes and come back
And tell you. so it won't be so hard
When it's time for you to go through. Anything is possible after an
Embarrassing situation- And once you take but all that
Rubbish and hate and-
Load it on my truck.
But don't make me work late-
I am your trashman-
And don't forget I also want
To live- not just survive-
I ain't your black slave- just
Because I just might try to
Wash out your mind- it's up to
Your friend-
To get up off your rusty behind. And please pass me the peace weed,
And take some heed-
Throw all that mixed up speed
Away- all that dirt is gonna clog and
Hurt- man you reach 100 years old in a day-
I am your trashman-
I am your trashman-
I come to keep your houses clean.
I am the trashman-
Take out all your dirty blues and
Dreams-
Well when I come around to
Collect for the bill,
That's when I come around for
My pleasure kill... I am the trashman
You must have seen me in
Your t.v.
I'm here to clean up-
All your hang ups or
Come downs, I'm gonna kill...
That's my duty.
So please don't try to make
Me crawl up no hill. May I whisper in your ear...
Say something you ought to hear...
Lots of people so dear
They're getting hurt... "lady's and gentlemen, the Jimi Hendrix experience." "I see that we meet again hmmm. yeah well, well, well. dig,
Dig, I'd like to get something strait, we umm we got tired
Of the experience, and every once in a while we're blowing
Our minds too much, so we decided to change everything around.
And a call it 'gypsy sons and rainbows' for short nothin' but
A band of gypsies. we have billy cox playin' bass, and um from
Nashville Tennessee we have lary lee playin' guitar over there,
We got juma playin' congos over there, juma, and we have granny
Goose, oh I'm sorry Mitch Mitchell on drums over there, and we
Got jerry velez on congos too. you got yours truly on Pete Whistle,
What me worry? gives us about a minute and a half to tune up ok.
Like we only had about two rehearsals so a we'll only do a primary
Rhythm thing. (someone in the background) I have mine thank you
I have mine thank you, baby." Black is gold is pure
And true kings of this earth. 1. So I say it's up to us to straighten
Out this mess...
We got to go through hell...
And then that's the last of this
Miserable test... 2. Black must be bold
Because it's gold and true
Kings of this world...
So let them go to the moon.
Yes let them go to mars.
Because deep down inside
They're really from the stars. 3. That's why they don't want
Us to mix...just the way
The word of God had said.
So let them go to saturn...that's
Where they'll learn instead.
Because black and white
Together is right...
And white by itself is
An egotistic elf. 4. So they show you how to
Kill...and if you don't
They will.
What do they know about
Happiness...
How can they about life...
They just got lost in space.
So when they landed,
Atlantis cried. So if they're so alone try
To make them feel at home.
So let them fetch you fire wood.
And let them nibble on the bone.
So invent a word called love.
And then they blame our mistakes on god.
Don't you know how lonely they must be.
So many light years from home.
Hey soulful people I'm calling.
Don't be no more slaves.
Because God will protect us
When it comes to doomsday.
Realize before it's too late...
That no one on earth will escape.
We are the kings of earth.
And axis gonna put them slaves...
They killed so many worlds before.
But they will pass sentence upon themselves...
When the earth opens up...will
They be saved from our hell. I feel the truth of life.
We better all realize...
People like me and you
We feel so bad, don't know
What to do... they keep us
High low on drugs.
And they got us making their rugs...
As we go dripping blood.
But the sun knows as
The wind blows and the
Fire grows towards the
Far shores and the water
Foams to make steamed
Bones of all of those who don't belive that...
Black is gold is the kings of this world.
We all better get our places
Before God tells us to our
Face we are...past the human race.
Let's pray that we all agree
We got to straighten out the family tree.
Life is for you and me togather.
That's the way it was meant to be.
White man watch your mouth
Because our drums, they face the south.
And you can't kill the god
That kept you alive between
The poles of the north and south.
You better adjust your place
In this world...before your
Hair, it starts to curl...and the
Yellow, red, and black of this
World will tear your ass and soul apart. Where is he coming from ?
From heaven where 1,000,000
Worlds are one.
Where is he going to ?
He's going to make contact
With the living and the dead...
Here comes black gold...
Gather round young and old...
He's going to be felt by the
Timid and the bold...
Within a wink of an eye, With the wink of an eye
Egos swell, bust and die...
Kingdoms fall and cry...
With the wink of an eye...
With the wink of an eye
A new born baby cries...
And a 100 soldiers die with
The wink of an eye.     