I saw you walking by his side heard you whisper all those lies
And I couldn't keep from crying
You sang him love songs tenderly that should have been for you and me
And I couldn't keep from crying
I saw his eyes drinking your charms while he held you in his arms
Him with all his wedding ways rules your heart now in my place
I stood and watched him steal a kiss from two lips I know I'll miss
And I couldn't keep from crying I saw his eyes drinking your charms... I love that hair, long an' black
Hangin' down to the middle of your back
Don't cut it off whatever you do
I need it to run my fingers through 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
Don't mean maybe, you're my, baby Got me a dollar that I saved
Saved it up for a rainy day
Everybody's callin' for bills that's due
But they don't catch me, I'll spend it on you 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
Don't mean maybe, you're my, baby Got me a guitar, got a six strings
And a picker to make 'em ring
Every string's gotta know what to do
'Cause I'm gonna use 'em to serenade you 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
Don't mean maybe, you're my baby Well, I had me a gal, she said she's mine
But she run around on me all the time
Now she's gone an' I'm glad we're through
'Cause I'm plum-flipped over you 'Cause you're my baby, uh huh uh, you're my sugar
Don't mean maybe, you're my, baby Oh, baby, baby, yeah you're my baby
Well, I don't mean maybe
You drive me crazy
I love you, baby, you're my, babydoll Love is a burnin' thing
And it makes a fiery ring
Bound by wild desire
I fell into a ring of fire I fell into a burnin' ring of fire
I went down, down, down
And the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns
The ring of fire, the ring of fire I fell into a burnin' ring of fire
I went down, down, down
And the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns
The ring of fire, the ring of fire The taste of love is sweet
When hearts like ours meet
I fell for you like a child
Oh, but the fire went wild I fell into a burnin' ring of fire
I went down, down, down
And the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns
The ring of fire, the ring of fire I fell into a burnin' ring of fire
I went down, down, down
And the flames went higher
And it burns, burns, burns
The ring of fire, the ring of fire
And it burns, burns, burns
The ring of fire, the ring of fire
The ring of fire, the ring of fire
The ring of fire I hurt myself today
To see if I still feel
I focus on the pain
The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole
The old familiar sting
Try to kill it all away
But I remember everything What have I become
My sweetest friend
Everyone I know
Goes away in the end And you could have it all
My empire of dirt
I will let you down
I will make you hurt I wear this crown of thorns
Upon my liars chair
Full of broken thoughts
I cannot repair Beneath the stains of time
The feelings disappear
You are someone else
I am still right here What have I become
My sweetest friend
Everyone I know
Goes away in the end And you could have it all
My empire of dirt
I will let you down
I will make you hurt If I could start again
A million miles away
I will keep myself
I would find a way I hear the train a comin'
It's rollin' 'round the bend
And I ain't seen the sunshine
Since, I don't know when
I'm stuck in Folsom Prison
And time keeps draggin' on
But that train keeps a-rollin'
On down to San Antone When I was just a baby
My Mama told me, son
Always be a good boy
Don't ever play with guns
But I shot a man in Reno
Just to watch him die
When I hear that whistle blowin'
I hang my head and cry I bet there's rich folks eatin'
In a fancy dining car
They're probably drinkin' coffee
And smokin' big cigars
But I know I had it comin'
I know I can't be free
But those people keep a-movin'
And that's what tortures me Well, if they freed me from this prison
If that railroad train was mine
I bet I'd move out over a little
Farther down the line
Far from Folsom Prison
That's where I want to stay
And I'd let that lonesome whistle
Blow my blues away Well, I woke up Sunday morning
With no way to hold my head that didn't hurt
And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad
So I had one more for dessert
Then I fumbled in my closet through my clothes
And found my cleanest dirty shirt
Then I washed my face and combed my hair
And stumbled down the stairs to meet the day I'd smoked my mind the night before
With cigarettes and songs I'd been picking
But I lit my first and watched a small kid
Playing with a can that he was kicking
Then I walked across the street
And caught the Sunday smell of someone's frying chicken
And Lord, it took me back to something that I'd lost
Somewhere, somehow along the way On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishing, Lord, that I was stoned
'Cause there's something in a Sunday
That makes a body feel alone
And there's nothing short a' dying
That's half as lonesome as the sound
Of the sleeping city sidewalk
And Sunday morning coming down In the park I saw a daddy
With a laughing little girl that he was swinging
And I stopped beside a Sunday school
And listened to the songs they were singing
Then I headed down the street
And somewhere far away a lonely bell was ringing
And it echoed through the canyons
Like the disappearing dreams of yesterday On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishing, Lord, that I was stoned
'Cause there's something in a Sunday
That makes a body feel alone
And there's nothing short a' dying
That's half as lonesome as the sound
Of the sleeping city sidewalk
And Sunday morning coming down You can run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Sooner or later God'll cut you down
Sooner or later God'll cut you down Go tell that long tongue liar
Go and tell that midnight rider
Tell the rambler,
The gambler,
The back biter
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down Well my goodness gracious let me tell you the news
My head's been wet with the midnight dew
I've been down on bended knee talkin' to the man from Galilee
He spoke to me in the voice so sweet
I thought I heard the shuffle of the angel's feet
He called my name and my heart stood still
When he said, "John go do My will!" Go tell that long tongue liar
Go and tell that midnight rider
Tell the rambler,
The gambler,
The back biter
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down You can run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Sooner or later God'll cut you down
Sooner or later God'll cut you down Well you may throw your rock and hide your hand
Workin' in the dark against your fellow man
But as sure as God made black and white
What's down in the dark will be brought to the light You can run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Run on for a long time
Sooner or later God'll cut you down
Sooner or later God'll cut you down Go tell that long tongue liar
Go and tell that midnight rider
Tell the rambler,
The gambler,
The back biter
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down
Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down Tell 'em that God's gonna cut you down The other night dear, as I lay sleeping
I dreamed I held you in my arms
But when I awoke, dear, I was mistaken
So I hung my head and I cried You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know dear, how much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away I'll always love you and make you happy
If you will only say the same
But if you leave me and love another
You'll regret it all some day You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know dear, how much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away You told me once, dear, you really loved me
And no one else could come between
But now you've left me and love another
You have shattered all of my dreams You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know dear, how much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away In all my dreams, dear, you seem to leave me
When I awake my poor heart pains
So when you come back and make me happy
I'll forgive you dear, I'll take all the blame You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know dear, how much I love you
Please don't take my sunshine away We got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper sprout,
We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went out.
I'm goin' to Jackson, I'm gonna mess around,
Yeah, I'm goin' to Jackson,
Look out Jackson town. Well, go on down to Jackson; go ahead and wreck your health.
Go play your hand you big-talkin' man, make a big fool of yourself,
Yeah, go to Jackson; go comb your hair!
Honey, I'm gonna snowball Jackson.
See if I care. When I breeze into that city, people gonna stoop and bow. (Hah!)
All them women gonna make me, teach 'em what they don't know how,
I'm goin' to Jackson, you turn-a loose-a my coat.
'Cause I'm goin' to Jackson.
"Goodbye," that's all she wrote. But they'll laugh at you in Jackson, and I'll be dancin' on a Pony Keg.
They'll lead you 'round town like a scalded hound,
With your tail tucked between your legs,
Yeah, go to Jackson, you big-talkin' man.
And I'll be waitin' in Jackson, behind my Jaypan Fan, Well now, we got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper Sprout,
We've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went.
I'm goin' to Jackson, and that's a fact.
Yeah, we're goin' to Jackson, ain't never comin' back. Well, we got married in a fever, hotter than a pepper sprout'
And we've been talkin' 'bout Jackson, ever since the fire went... I keep a close watch on this heart of mine.
I keep my eyes wide open all the time.
I keep the ends out for the tie that binds.
Because you're mine, I walk the line. I find it very, very easy to be true.
I find myself alone when each day is through.
Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you.
Because you're mine, I walk the line. As sure as night is dark and day is light.
I keep you on my mind both day and night.
And happiness I've known proves that it's right
Because you're mine, I walk the line. You've got a way to keep me on your side.
You give me cause for love that I can't hide.
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide.
Because you're mine, I walk the line. My grandfather's clock was too large for the shelf
So it stood ninety years on the floor
It was taller by half than the old man himself
Though it weighed not a pennyweight more It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born
And was always his treasure and pride
But it stopped, short never to go again
When the old man died Ninety years without slumbering
His life seconds numbering
It stopped, short never to go again
When the old man died My grandfather said that of those he could hire
Not a servant so faithful he found
For it wasted no time and had but one desire
At the close of each week to be wound And it kept in its place, not a frown upon its face
And its hands never hung by its side
But it stopped short, never to go again
When the old man died It rang and alarmed in the dead of the night
An alarm that for years had been dumb
And we knew that his spirit was pluming for flight
That his hour for departure had come Still the clock kept the time with a soft and muffled chime
As we silently stood by his side
But it stopped short, never to go again
When the old man died Ninety years without slumbering
His life seconds numbering
It stopped short, never to go again
When the old man died Some glad morning when this life is o'er,
I'll fly away.
To that home on God's celestial shore,
I'll fly away. I'll fly away, oh glory, I'll fly away.
When I die, Hallelujah, by and by,
I'll fly away.
Just a few more weary days and then,
I'll fly away. To that land where joy will never end,
I'll fly away.
I'll fly away, oh glory, I'll fly away.
When I die, Hallelujah, by and by,
I'll fly away. Oh I'll fly away, oh glory, I'll fly away in the morning
When I die, Hallelujah, by and by,
I'll fly away. Well, you wonder why I always dress in black,
Why you never see bright colors on my back,
And why does my appearance seem to have a somber tone.
Well, there's a reason for the things that I have on. I wear the black for the poor and the beaten down,
Livin' in the hopeless, hungry side of town,
I wear it for the prisoner who has long paid for his crime,
But is there because he's a victim of the times. I wear the black for those who never read,
Or listened to the words that Jesus said,
About the road to happiness through love and charity,
Why, you'd think He's talking straight to you and me. Well, we're doin' mighty fine, I do suppose,
In our streak of lightnin' cars and fancy clothes,
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back,
Up front there ought 'a be a Man In Black. I wear it for the sick and lonely old,
For the reckless ones whose bad trip left them cold,
I wear the black in mournin' for the lives that could have been,
Each week we lose a hundred fine young men. And, I wear it for the thousands who have died,
Believen' that the Lord was on their side,
I wear it for another hundred thousand who have died,
Believen' that we all were on their side. Well, there's things that never will be right I know,
And things need changin' everywhere you go,
But 'til we start to make a move to make a few things right,
You'll never see me wear a suit of white. Ah, I'd love to wear a rainbow every day,
And tell the world that everything's OK,
But I'll try to carry off a little darkness on my back,
'Till things are brighter, I'm the Man In Black Early one mornin' while makin' the rounds
I took a shot of cocaine and shot my woman down
I went right home and I went to bed
I stuck that lovin' forty-four beneath my head. Got up next mornin' and I grabbed that gun
Took a shot of cocaine and away I run
Made a good run but I run too slow
They overtook me down in Juarez Mexico. Laid in the hot joint takin' the pill
In walked a sheriff from Jericho Hill
He said Willy Lee your name is not Jack Brown
You're the dirty hack that shot your woman down. I said yes sir my name is Willie Lee
If you've got a warrant just read it to me
Shot her down cause she made me slow
I thought I was her daddy but she had five more. When I was arrested I was dressed in black
They put me on a train and they took me back
Had no friends for to go my bail
They slapped my dried up carcass in the county jail. Early next morning about a half past nine
I spied a sheriff comin' down the line
Coughed and coughed as he cleared his throat
He said come on you dirty hack into that district court Into the court room my trial began
Where I was handled by twelve honest men
Just before the jury started out
I saw that little judge commence to look about. In about five minutes in walked a man
Holding the verdict in his right hand
The verdict read in the first degree
I hollered Lordy Lordy have mercy on me The judge he smiled as he picked up his pen
Ninety nine years in the Folsom pen
Ninety nine years underneath that ground
I can't forget the day I shot that bad bitch down
Come on you gotta listen unto me
Lay off that whiskey and let that cocaine be Oh Danny Boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling
From glen to glen and down the mountain side
The summer's gone, and all the roses falling
It's you, It's you, must go, and I must bide But come ye back when summer's in the meadow
Or when the valley's hushed and white with snow
I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Oh Danny Boy, oh Danny Boy, I love you so But if you come, and all the flowers are dying
And I am dead, as dead I well may be
You'll come and find the place where I am lying
And kneel and say an "Ave" there for me And I will know, tho' soft ye tread above me
And then my grave will richer, sweeter be
And you'll bend down and tell me that you love me
And I will rest in peace until you come to me There's a land that is fairer than day and by faith we can see it apart
For the father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there
In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore
In the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore We shall meet on the beautiful shore
We shall sing on that beautiful shore for the melodious songs of the blessed
And our spirits shall sorrow no more not a sight for the blessing of rest
In the sweet by and by To a bountiful father above we shall offer our tribute of praise
For the glory as gift of his love and the blessing that howlered days
In the sweet by and by
In the sweet by and by If you're travelin' in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to one who lives there
Oh she once was a true love of mine See for me if her hair's hanging down
It curls and falls all down her breast
See for me that her hair's hanging down
That's the way I remember her best If you go when the snowflakes falls
When the rivers freeze and summer ends
Please see for me if she's wearing a coat so warm
To keep her from the howlin' winds If you're travelin' in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Please say "hello" to the one who lives there
Oh she was once a true love of mine If you're travelin' in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to one who lives there
Oh she once was a true love of mine A true love of mine
A true love of mine
True love of mine
A true love of mine
A true love of mine
She was once a true love of mine I keep a close watch on this heart of mine
I keep my eyes wide open all the time
I keep the ends out for the tie that binds
Because you're mine, I walk the line I find it very, very easy to be true
I find myself alone when each day's through
Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you
Because you're mine, I walk the line As sure as night is dark and day is light
I keep you on my mind both day and night
And happiness I've known proves that it's right
Because you're mine, I walk the line You've got a way to keep me on your side
You give me cause for love that I can't hide
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide
Because you're mine, I walk the line I keep a close watch on this heart of mine
I keep my eyes wide open all the time
I keep the ends out for the tie that binds
Because you're mine, I walk the line Now I taught the weeping willow how to cry,
And I showed the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky.
And the tears that I cried for that woman are gonna flood you Big River.
Then I'm gonna sit right here until I die. I met her accidentally in St. Paul (Minnesota).
And it tore me up every time I heard her drawl, Southern drawl.
Then I heard my dream was back Downstream cavortin' in Davenport,
And I followed you, Big River, when you called. Then you took me to St. Louis later on (down the river).
A freighter said she's been here but she's gone, boy, she's gone.
I found her trail in Memphis, but she just walked up the block.
She raised a few eyebrows and then she went on down alone. Now, won't you batter down by Baton Rouge, River Queen, roll it on.
Take that woman on down to New Orleans, New Orleans.
Go on, I've had enough, dump my blues down in the gulf.
She loves you, Big River, more than me. Now I taught the weeping willow how to cry, cry, cry
And I showed the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky.
And the tears that I cried for that woman are gonna flood you Big River.
Then I'm gonna sit right here until I die. There ain't no grave can hold my body down
There ain't no grave can hold my body down
When I hear that trumpet sound I'm gonna rise right out of the ground
Ain't no grave can hold my body down Well, look way down the river, what do you think I see?
I see a band of angels and they're coming after me
Ain't no grave can hold my body down
There ain't no grave can hold my body down Well, look down yonder Gabriel, put your feet on the land and see
But Gabriel don't you blow your trumpet 'til you hear it from me
There ain't no grave can hold my body down
Ain't no grave can hold my body down Well, meet me Jesus, meet me. Meet me in the middle of the air
And if these wings don't fail me I will meet you anywhere
Ain't no grave can hold my body down
There ain't no grave can hold my body down Well, meet me mother and father, meet me down the river road
And momma you know that I'll be there when I check in my load
Ain't no grave can hold my body down
There ain't no grave can hold my body down
There ain't no grave can hold my body down I want to live,
I want to give
I've been a miner for a heart of gold.
It's these expressions I never give
That keeps me searching for a heart of gold
And I'm getting old.
It keeps me searching for a heart of gold
And I'm getting old. I've been to Hollywood
I've been to redwood
I crossed the ocean for a heart of gold
I've been in my mind, it's such a fine line
That keeps me searching for a heart of gold
And I'm getting old.
It keeps me searching for a heart of gold
And I'm getting old. You keep me searching for a heart of gold
I've been a miner for a heart of gold.
And I'm getting old. Well, I left Kentucky back in forty nine
An' went to Detroit workin' on a 'sembly line
The first year they had me puttin' wheels on Cadillacs Every day I'd watch them beauties roll by
And sometimes I'd hang my head and cry
'Cause I always wanted me one that was long and black. One day I devised myself a plan
That should be the envy of most any man
I'd sneak it out of there in a lunchbox in my hand
Now gettin' caught meant gettin' fired
But I figured I'd have it all by the time I retired
I'd have me a car worth at least a hundred grand. I'd get it one piece at a time
And it wouldn't cost me a dime
You'll know it's me when I come through your town
I'm gonna ride around in style
I'm gonna drive everybody wild
'Cause I'll have the only one there is around. So the very next day when I punched in
With my big lunchbox and with help from my friends
I left that day with a lunch box full of gears
I've never considered myself a thief
But GM wouldn't miss just one little piece
Especially if I strung it out over several years. The first day I got me a fuel pump
And the next day I got me an engine and a trunk
Then I got me a transmission and all the chrome
The little things I could get in my big lunchbox
Like nuts, an' bolts, and all four shocks
But the big stuff we snuck out in my buddy's mobile home. Now, up to now my plan went all right
'Til we tried to put it all together one night
And that's when we noticed that something was definitely wrong. The transmission was a fifty three
And the motor turned out to be a seventy three
And when we tried to put in the bolts all the holes were gone. So we drilled it out so that it would fit
And with a little bit of help with an adapter kit
We had that engine runnin' just like a song
Now the headlight' was another sight
We had two on the left and one on the right
But when we pulled out the switch all three of 'em come on. The back end looked kinda funny too
But we put it together and when we got through
Well, that's when we noticed that we only had one tail-fin
About that time my wife walked out
And I could see in her eyes that she had her doubts
But she opened the door and said "Honey, take me for a spin." So we drove up town just to get the tags
And I headed her right on down main drag
I could hear everybody laughin' for blocks around
But up there at the court house they didn't laugh
'Cause to type it up it took the whole staff
And when they got through the title weighed sixty pounds. I got it one piece at a time
And it wouldn't cost me a dime
You'll know it's me when I come through your town
I'm gonna ride around in style
I'm gonna drive everybody wild
'Cause I'll have the only one there is around. Ugh! Yeah, RED RYDER
This is the COTTON MOUTH
In the PSYCHO-BILLY CADILLAC Come on Huh, This is the COTTON MOUTH
And negatory on the cost of this mow-chine there RED RYDER
You might say I went right up to the factory
And picked it up, it's cheaper that way
Ugh!, what model is it? Well, It's a '49, '50, '51, '52, '53, '54, '55, '56
'57, '58' 59' automobile
It's a '60, '61, '62, '63, '64, '65, '66, '67
'68, '69, '70 automobile. Ten years ago, on a cold dark night
Someone was killed, 'neath the town hall light
There were few at the scene, but they all agreed
That the slayer who ran, looked a lot like me She walks these hills in a long black veil
She visits my grave when the night winds wail
Nobody knows, nobody sees
Nobody knows but me The judge said son, what is your alibi
If you were somewhere else, then you won't have to die
I spoke not a word, thou it meant my life
I'd been in the arms of my best friend's wife Did I hear someone applaud? Now the scaffold is high and eternity's near
She stood in the crowd and shed not a tear
But sometimes at night, when the north wind moans
In a long black veil, she cries ov're my bones She walks these hills in a long black veil
She visits my grave when the night winds wail
Nobody knows, nobody sees
Nobody knows but me Can I have a glass of water?
huh? Alright
Lemme have a, have a drink of water. I'm about to choke up
That's cocaine blues.
We got a special surprise for, you fellas
And especially for one fella.
In a few minutes we're going to record a brand new song that
I just sang last night for the first time
It was written by someone here in Folsom prison
Can I have a drink of water?
Last time, last time I was here I had a drink of water
And uh, I don't know what the hell it run off
I think it must have run off Luther's boots or something
Is that water?
You promise that's water, huh
Is that water bob?
That's water
Serve everything in tin cups?
He caught it, didn't he?
I have an announcement here
Sandoval, Sandoval, S-A-N-D-O-V-A-L. Sandoval
Eighty eight four one nine is wanted in reception I asked my love to take a walk
Take a walk just a little ways
And as we walked, along we talk
All would be our wedding day And only say that you'll be mine
In no others arms entwined
Down beside where the waters flow
Down by the banks of the Ohio I asked her if she'd marry me
And my wife forever be
She only turned her head away
And had no other words to say And only say that you'll be mine
In no others arms entwined
Down beside where the waters flow
Down by the banks of the Ohio I plunged a knife into her breast
And told her she was going to rest
She cried "Oh Willy, don't murder me
I'm not prepared for eternity" I took her by her golden curls
And drug her down to the river side
And there I threw her into drown
And I watched her as she floated down And only say that you'll be mine
In no others arms entwined
Down beside where the waters flow
Down by the banks of the Ohio And going home between twelve and one
I cried "Oh Lord, what have I've done?"
I've killed the only girl I love
Because she would not marry me And only say that you'll be mine
In no others arms entwined
Down beside where the waters flow
Down by the banks of the Ohio Well my daddy left home when I was three
And he didn't leave much to Ma and me
Just this old guitar and an empty bottle of booze
Now, I don't blame him 'cause he run and hid
But the meanest thing that he ever did
Was before he left, he went and named me "Sue" Well, he must o' thought that is quite a joke
And it got a lot of laughs from a' lots of folk
It seems I had to fight my whole life through
Some gal would giggle and I'd get red
And some guy'd laugh and I'd bust his head
I tell ya, life ain't easy for a boy named "Sue" Well, I grew up quick and I grew up mean
My fist got hard and my wits got keen
Roam from town to town to hide my shame
But I made me a vow to the moon and stars
I'd search the honky-tonks and bars
And kill that man who gave me that awful name Well, it was Gatlinburg in mid-July
And I just hit town and my throat was dry
I thought I'd stop and have myself a brew
At an old saloon on a street of mud
There at a table, dealing stud
Sat the dirty, mangy dog that named me "Sue" Well, I knew that snake was my own sweet dad
From a worn-out picture that my mother'd had
And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye
He was big and bent and gray and old
And I looked at him and my blood ran cold
And I said: "My name is 'Sue!' How do you do!?
Now you gonna die!"
Yeah that's what I told 'em Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes
And he went down, but to my surprise
He come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear
But I busted a chair right across his teeth
And we crashed through the wall and into the street
Kicking and a' gouging in the mud and the blood and the beer I tell ya, I've fought tougher men
But I really can't remember when
He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile
I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss
He went for his gun and I pulled mine first
He stood there lookin' at me and I saw him smile And he said, "Son, this world is rough
And if a man's gonna make it, he's gotta be tough
And I know I wouldn't be there to help ya along
So I give ya that name and I said goodbye
I knew you'd have to get tough or die
And it's the name that helped to make you strong" Yeah he said, "Now you just fought one hell of a fight
And I know you hate me, and you got the right
To kill me now, and I wouldn't blame you if you do
But ya ought to thank me, before I die
For the gravel in ya guts and the spit in ya eye
'Cause I'm the son-of-a-bitch that named you "Sue"
Yeah what could I do, what could I do I got all choked up and I threw down my gun
Called him my Pa, and he called me his son
And I come away with a different point of view
And I think about him, now and then
Every time I try and every time I win
And if I ever have a son, I think I'm gonna name him
Bill or George! Anything but Sue! I still hate that name! Yeah I come to the garden alone
While the dew is still on the roses
And the voice I hear, falling on my ear
The Son of God discloses
And he walks with me
And he talks with me [Chorus]
And he tells me I am His own
And the joy we share as we tarry there
None other has ever known He speaks and the sound of His voice
Is so sweet the birds hush their singing
And the melody that He gave to me
Within my heart is ringing
And he walks with me
And he talks with me [Chorus] I'd stay in the garden with Him
'Tho the night around me be falling
But He bids me go, through the voice of woe
His voice to me is calling
And He walks with me
And He talks with me [Chorus] Come all you rounders if you want to hear the story about a brave engineer
Casey Jones was the roller's name on a 68 wheeler course he won his fame
Caller called Casey bout half past four he kissed his wife at the station door
He climbed in the cabin with his orders in his hand
Said this is the trip to the Promised Land
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin Casey Jones orders in his hand
Casey Jones leanin' out the window taking a trip to the Promised Land Through South Memphis Yards on a fly rain been a fallin' and the water was high
Everybody knew by the engine's moan that the man at the throttle was Casey Jones
Well Jones said fireman now don't you fret Sam Webb said we ain't a givin' up yet
We're eight hours late with the southbound mail
We'll be on time or we're leavin' the rails
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin Dead on the rail was a passenger train blood was a boilin' in Casey's brain
Casey said hey now look out ahead jump Sam jump or we'll all be dead
With a hand on a whistle and a hand on a brake north Mississippi was wide awake
I see railroad official said he's a good engineer to be a laying dead
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin Headaches and heartaches and all kinds of pain all the part of a railroad train
Sweat and toil the good and the grand part of the life of a railroad man
Casey Jones climbed in the cabin If I were a carpenter
And you were a lady
Would you marry me anyway
Would you have my baby? If you were a carpenter
And I were a lady
I'd marry you anyway
I'd have your baby If a tinker was my trade
Would I still find you
I'd be carrying the pots you made
Following behind you
Save your love through loneliness
Save your love through sorrow
I gave you my onlyness
Give me your tomorrow If I were a miller
And a mill wheel grinding
Would you miss your colored blouse
And your soft shoes shining? If you were a miller
And a mill wheel grinding
I'd not miss my colored blouse
And my soft shoes shining Save your love through loneliness
Save your love through sorrow
I gave you my onlyness
Give me your tomorrow If I worked my hands on wood
Would you still love me?
I'd answer you yes I would
And would you not be above me? If I were a carpenter
And you were a lady
I'd marry you anyway
I'd have your baby Save your love through loneliness
Save your love through sorrow
I gave you my onlyness
Give me your tomorrow Why me Lord
What have I ever done
To deserve even one
Of the blessings I've known
Why me Lord
What did I ever do
That was worth love from you
And the kindness you've shown Lord help me, Jesus
I've wasted it so
Help me, Jesus
I know what I am
Now that I know
That I've needed you so
Help me, Jesus
My soul's in your hand Try me Lord
If you think there's a way
That I can repay
What I've taken from you
Maybe Lord
I can show someone else
What I've been through myself
On my way back to you Lord help me, Jesus
I've wasted it so
Help me, Jesus
I know what I am
Now that I know
That I've needed you so
Help me, Jesus
My soul's in your hand
Jesus
My soul's in your hand Is it getting better
Or do you feel the same
Will it make it easier on you now
If you've got someone to blame You said one love
One life
When it's one need
In the night
One love we get to share it
It leaves you baby if you don't care for it Did I disappoint you
Or leave a bad taste in your mouth
You act like you never had love
And you want me to go without Well it's too late
Tonight
To drag the past out
Into the light
We're one but we're not the same
We get to carry each other
Carry each other
One Have you come here for forgiveness?
Have you come to raise the dead?
Have you come here to play Jesus
To the lepers in your head? Did I ask too much?
More than a lot?
You gave me nothing now
It's all I've got
We're one but we're not the same
Well we hurt each other and we're doing it again You said love is a temple
Love the higher law
Love is a temple
Love the higher law You ask me to enter
But then you make me crawl
I can't be holding on
To what you've got
When all you've got is hurt One love
One blood
One life
You've got to do what you should
One life with each other
Sister
Brothers
One life but we're not the same
We get to carry each other
Carry each other
One
One
One
One Go away from my window
Leave at your own chosen speed
I'm not the one you want, babe
I'm not the one you need
You say you're lookin' for someone
Who's never weak but always strong
To protect you and defend you
Whether you are right or wrong
Someone to open each and every door But it ain't me babe
No, no, no, it ain't me babe
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe Go lightly from the ledge, babe
Go lightly on the ground
I'm not the one you want, babe
I'll only let you down
You say you're lookin' for someone
Who'll promise never to part
Someone to close his eyes for you
Someone to close his heart
Someone to die for you and more But it ain't me babe
No, no, no, it ain't me babe
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe You say you're lookin' for someone
To pick you up each time you fall
To gather flowers constantly
And to come each time you call
And will love you for your life
And nothin' more But it ain't me babe
No, no, no, it ain't me babe
It ain't me you're lookin' for, babe Hey, get rhythm when you get the blues
C'mon get rhythm, when you get the blues
Get a rock 'n roll feeling in your bones
Put taps on your toes and get goin'
Get rhythm, when you get the blues Little shoeshine boy never get slowed down
But he's got the dirtiest job in town
Bendin' low at the peoples' feet
On the windy corner of a dirty street
Well, I asked him while he shined my shoes
How'd he keep from gettin' the blues
He grinned as he raised his little head
Popped a shoeshine rag and then he said. Hey, get rhythm when you get the blues
C'mon get rhythm, when you get the blues
A jumpy rhythm makes you feel so fine
It'll shake all the troubles from your worried mind,
Get rhythm, when you get the blues. Get rhythm, when you get the blues
C'mon get rhythm, when you get the blues
Get a rock 'n roll feeling in your bones
Put taps on your toes and get goin'
Get rhythm, when you get the blues. Well, I sat down to listen to the shoeshine boy
And I thought I was gonna jump with joy
Slapped on the shoe polish left and right
He took a shoeshine rag and he held it tight
He stopped once to wipe the sweat away
I said you're a mighty little boy to be-a workin' that way
He said I like it with a big wide grin
Kept on a poppin' and he said again Get rhythm, when you get the blues
C'mon get rhythm, when you get the blues
It only cost a dime, just a nickel a shoe
It does a million dollars worth of good for you
Get rhythm, when you get the blues I was on my way to you and I was worried
I was all torn up and nervous 'cause I knew that you'd be gone
I knocked and crossed my fingers while I waited
And I couldn't hold the teardrops when I walked away alone It's all over, it's all over, my heart echoed (it's all over)
Every minute that you cry for her is wasted don't you know
It's all over, it's all over, so forget her (it's all over)
Stop your cryin' turn around and let her go I was runnin' 'round in circles like a baby
I was in a daze because I loved you so, I couldn't see
I was broken in a million little pieces
When I saw enough to realize, you didn't care for me It's all over, it's all over, my heart echoed, it's all over
Every minute that you cry for her is wasted don't you know
It's all over, it's all over, so forget her (it's all over)
Stop your cryin' turn around and let her go Were you there when they crucified my Lord?
Oh were you there when they crucified my Lord?
(Ohh, sometimes it causes me to tremble)
Tremble
Were you there when they crucified my Lord? Were you there when they nailed Him to the cross?
Were you there when they nailed Him to the cross?
(Ohh, sometimes it causes me to tremble)
Tremble
Were you there when they nailed Him to the cross? Were you there when they laid Him in the tomb?
Were you there when they laid Him in the tomb?
(Ohh, sometimes it causes me to tremble)
Tremble
Were you there when they laid Him in the tomb? Well, were you there when the stone was rolled away?
Were you there when the stone was rolled away?
(Ohh, sometimes it causes me to tremble)
Tremble
Were you there when the stone was rolled away? Just as I am without one plea but that
Thy blood was shed for me
And that Thou bid'st me come to Thee
Oh lamb of God I come I come Just as I am and waiting not
To rid my soul of one dark blot
To Thee who's blood can cleanse each spot
Oh lamb of God I come I come Just as I am Lord Thou tossed about
With many a conflict and many a doubt
Fightings fears within and without
Oh lamb of God I come I come Just as I am Thou wilt receive
Will dwell come pardon cleanse relieve
Because Thy promise I believe
Oh lamb of God I come I come Well lordy I shall not be, I shall not be moved
I shall not be, I shall not be moved
Just like a tree that's growin' in the meadow (down by the water)
I shall not be moved I'm on my way to glory land and I shall not be moved
On my way to glory land I will not be moved
I'm like a tree that's planted by the water
I shall not be moved [Chorus: x2]
I shall not be, I shall not be moved
I shall not be, I shall not be moved
Just like a tree that's planted by the water
I shall not be moved Well I'm on my way to glory land and I shall not be moved
On my way to glory land I shall not be moved
I'm like a tree that's planted by the water
I shall not be moved Oh well
I shall not be, I shall not be moved
I shall not be, I shall not be moved
Just like a tree that's planted by the water
I shall not be moved [Chorus] Glory, glory, glory hallelujah, I shall not be moved
Glory hallelujah, I shall not be moved
Just like a tree that's planted by the water
I shall not be moved Well, now I looked over Jordan and what did I see
Comin' for to carry me home
There was a band of angels a comin' after me
Comin' for to carry me home Swing low, sweet chariot
Comin' for to carry me home
Swing low, sweet chariot
Comin' for to carry me home Well, I'm sometimes up and I'm sometimes down
Comin' for to carry me home
But I know my soul is heavenly bound
Comin' for to carry me home Swing low, sweet chariot
Comin' for to carry me home
Swing low, sweet chariot
Comin' for to carry me home Well, now if you get there before I do
Comin' for to carry me home
Tell all of my friends that I'm a comin' too
Comin' for to carry me home Swing low, sweet chariot
Comin' for to carry me home
Swing low, sweet chariot
Comin' for to carry me home
Well, now they're comin' for to carry me home I hear the train a comin'
It's rollin' 'round the bend
And I ain't seen the sunshine
Since, I don't know when I'm stuck in Folsom Prison
And time keeps draggin' on
But that train keeps a-rollin'
On down to San Antone When I was just a baby
My Mama told me, "Son
Always be a good boy
Don't ever play with guns" But I shot a man in Reno
Just to watch him die
When I hear that whistle blowin'
I hang my head and cry I bet there's rich folks eatin'
From a fancy dining car
They're probably drinkin' coffee
And smokin' big cigars Well, I know I had it comin'
I know I can't be free
But those people keep a-movin'
And that's what tortures me Well, if they freed me from this prison
If that railroad train was mine
I bet I'd move it all a little
Farther down the line Far from Folsom Prison
That's where I want to stay
And I'd let that lonesome whistle
Blow my blues away "And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder
One of the four beasts saying,
'Come and see.' and I saw, and behold a white horse" There's a man goin' 'round takin' names
And he decides who to free and who to blame
Everybody won't be treated all the same
There'll be a golden ladder reachin' down
When the man comes around The hairs on your arm will stand up
At the terror in each sip and in each sup
Will you partake of that last offered cup
Or disappear into the potter's ground?
When the man comes around Hear the trumpets hear the pipers
One hundred million angels singin'
Multitudes are marchin' to the big kettledrum
Voices callin', voices cryin'
Some are born and some are dyin'
It's alpha and omega's kingdom come
And the whirlwind is in the thorn tree
The virgins are all trimming their wicks
The whirlwind is in the thorn tree
It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks Till armageddon no shalam, no shalom
Then the father hen will call his chickens home
The wise man will bow down before the throne
And at his feet they'll cast their golden crowns
When the man comes around Whoever is unjust let him be unjust still
Whoever is righteous let him be righteous still
Whoever is filthy let him be filthy still
Listen to the words long written down
When the man comes around Hear the trumpets hear the pipers
One hundred million angels singin'
Multitudes are marchin' to the big kettledrum
Voices callin', voices cryin'
Some are born and some are dyin'
It's alpha and omega's kingdom come
And the whirlwind is in the thorn tree
The virgins are all trimming their wicks
The whirlwind is in the thorn trees
It's hard for thee to kick against the prick
In measured hundredweight and penny pound
When the man comes around "And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts
And I looked, and behold a pale horse
And his name that sat on him was death, and hell followed with him" Where the road is dark and the seed is sowed
Where the gun is cocked and the bullet's cold
Where the miles are marked in the blood and gold
I'll meet you further on up the road Got on my dead man's suit and my smilin' skull ring
My lucky graveyard boots and song to sing
I got a song to sing, keep me out of the cold
And I'll meet you further on up the road. Further on up the road
Further on up the road
Where the way dark and the night is cold
One sunny mornin' we'll rise I know
And I'll meet you further on up the road. Now I been out in the desert, just doin' my time
Searchin' through the dust, lookin' for a sign
If there's a light up ahead well brother I don't know
But I got this fever burnin' in my soul
So let's take the good times as they go
And I'll meet you further on up the road Further on up the road [Repeat: x4] One sunny mornin' we'll rise I know
And I'll meet you further on up the road
One sunny mornin' we'll rise I know
And I'll meet you further on up the road. I saw her through the window today
She was sittin' in the Silver Spoon cafe
I started to keep going
But something made me stop
She used to love me a lot She looked lonely and I knew the cure
Old memories would win her heart for sure
I thought I'd walk on in
And I give it my best shot
She used to love me a lot I sat down beside her and she smiled
She said where have you been it's been awhile
She was glad to see me
I could almost read her thoughts
She used to love me a lot She used to love me with a love that wouldn't die
Looking at her now I can't believe I said good-bye
It would only take a minute to turn back the clock
She used to love me a lot I remember how good it was back then
And I said it's not to late to start again
We could spend a night together
Take up where we left off
She used to love me a lot But I panicked as she turned to walk away
As she went out the door I heard her say
Yes I'm in need of something
But it's something you ain't got
But I used to love you a lot I thought she loved me with a love that wouldn't die
Looking at her now I can't believe she said good-bye
She just left me standing there, I never been so shocked
She used to love me a lot
She used to love me a lot
She used to love me a lot, she used to love me a lot, she used to love me a lot I have found a friend in Jesus, He's everything to me
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul
He's the Lily of the Valley, in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole In sorrow He's my comfort, in trouble He's my stay
And He tells me every care on Him to roll
He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul He will never, never leave me nor yet forsake me here
While I live by faith and do His blessed will
There's a wall of fire about me and I've nothing now to fear
With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill And then sweeping up to glory to see His blessed face
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll
He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul Soon we'll come to the end of life's journey
And perhaps we'll never meet anymore
'Til we gather in Heaven's bright city
Far away on that beautiful shore If we never meet again this side of Heaven
As we struggle through this world and its strife
There's another meeting place somewhere in Heaven
By the beautiful river of life Where the charming roses bloom forever
separation comes no more
If we never meet again this side of Heaven
I will meet you on that beautiful shore All they say we shall meet by the river
Where no clouds ever darken the sky
And they say we'll be happy in Heaven
In that wonderful sweet by and by If we never meet again this side of Heaven
As we struggle through this world and its strife
There's another meeting place somewhere in Heaven
By the beautiful river of life Where the charming roses bloom forever
And separation comes no more
If we never meet again this side of Heaven
I will meet you on that beautiful shore I'm a charger that charges through the night,
Like an orange bolt of lightning passing everything in sight.
I'm the best pal that you boys ever had,
I'm thunder on the highway lookin' bad, bad, bad. I'm a knight, like the kind in shining armor,
With my polished body gleaming, I'm a fighter and a charmer.
If trouble comes your way just ask for me,
My friends all know me as General Lee. I'm the Gerneral Lee,
A pistol pumpin', steel belted cavalry.
I'll never let you down when you're riding with me;
Buckle up and I'll show you what I mean.
Take a look back there:
Sirens blownin', red lights flashin' everywhere;
We'll cross the fields and we'll be running free,
They'll eat dust compliments of me: The General Lee I'm a hero, and that's how I'll make you feel
When you're riding shotgun with me and the law is at your heels.
I'm glory bound, but when the chase is done,
I'll take off through the mountains and have fun, fun, fun. I've got style, tearing through the curves;
Let my flag wave proudly to the people that I serve.
I'm number one, and I will always be
The pride of the South they call the General Lee. I'm the Gerneral Lee,
A pistol pumpin', steel belted cavalry.
I'll never let you down when you're riding with me;
Buckle up and I'll show you what I mean.
Take a look back there:
Sirens blownin', red lights flashin' everywhere;
I'll jump that pond and we'll be running free,
And they'll go swimmin', compliments of me: The General Lee
The General Lee
General Lee I still miss someone
At my door the leaves are falling
The cold wild wind will come
Sweethearts walk by together
And I still miss someone I go out on a party
And look for a little fun
But I find a darkened corner
'Cause I still miss someone Oh, I never got over those blues eyes
I see them everywhere
I miss those arms that held me
When all the love was there I wonder if she's sorry
For leavin' what we'd begun
There's someone for me somewhere
And I still miss someone I still miss someone
Oh, no I never got over those blues eyes
I see them everywhere
I miss those arms that held me
When all the love was there I wonder if she's sorry
For leavin' what we'd begun
There's someone for me somewhere
And I still miss someone I still miss someone Green, green, forty shades of green I close my eyes and picture
The emerald of the sea
From the fishing boats at Dingle
To the shores of Donaghadee I miss the river Shannon
And the folks at Skibbereen
The moorlands and the meddle
With their forty shades of green But most of all I miss a girl
In Tipperary town
And most of all I miss her lips
As soft as eiderdown Again I want to see and do
The things we've done and seen
Where the breeze is sweet as Shalimar
And there's forty shades of green Green, green, forty shades of green I wish that I could spend an hour
At Dublin's churching surf
I'd love to watch the farmers
Drain the bogs and spade the turf To see again the thatching
Of the straw the women glean
I'd walk from Cork to Larne to see
The forty shades of green But most of all I miss a girl
In Tipperary town
And most of all I miss her lips
As soft as eiderdown Again I want to see and do
The things we've done and seen
Where the breeze is sweet as Shalimar
And there's forty shades of green Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday I'm going down to the river
I'm going top take me a rocking chair
And if the blues don't leave me, I rock on away from here Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday Trouble in mind, that's true
I have almost lost my mind
Life ain't worth living, I feel like I could die Trouble in mind, I'm blue
My poor heart is healing slow
I've never had such trouble in my whole life before I'm gonna lay my head on some lonesome railroad line
And let that two-nineteen special ease my troubled mind Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday We're the best partners this world's ever seen,
Together as close as can be.
Sometimes it's hard to find time in between,
To tell you what you are to me. You are the rose of my heart,
You are the love of my life.
A flower not fading nor falling apart,
If you're tired, rest your head on my arm.
Rose of my heart. When sorrow holds you in her arms of clay,
It's rain drops that fall from your eyes.
Your smile's like the sun come to earth for a day,
You brighten my blackest of skies. You are the rose of my heart,
You are the love of my life.
A flower not fading nor falling apart,
If you're cold, let my love make you warm.
Rose of my heart. So hard times or easy times, what do I care,
There's nothing I'd change if I could.
The tears and the laughter are things that we share,
Your hand in mine makes all times good. You are the rose of my heart,
You are the love of my life.
A flower not fading nor falling apart,
You're my harbor in life's restless storm.Rose of my heart. Rose of my heart. I was toting my pack along the long dusty Winnemucca road
When along came a semi with a high canvas covered load
If your goin' to Winnemucca, Mack with me you can ride
And so I climbed into the cab and then I settled down inside
He asked me if I'd seen a road with so much dust and sand
And I said, "Listen! I've traveled every road in this here land!" I've been everywhere, man
I've been everywhere, man
Crossed the deserts bare, man
I've breatherd the mountain air, man
Travel, I've had my share, man
I've been everywhere I've been to,
Reno
Chicago
Fargo
Minnesota
Buffalo
Toronto
Winslow
Sarasota
Whichta
Tulsa
Ottowa
Oklahoma
Tampa
Panama
Mattua
LaPaloma
Bangor
Baltimore
Salvador
Amarillo
Tocapillo
Pocotello
Amperdllo I'm a Killer I've been everywhere, man
I've been everywhere, man
Crossed the deserts bare, man
I've breatherd the mountain air, man
Travel, I've had my share, man
I've been everywhere I've been to,
Boston
Charleston
Dayton
Louisiana
Washington
Houston
Kingston
Texarkana
Monterey
Fairaday
Santa Fe
Tollaperson
Glen Rock
Black Rock
Little Rock
Oskaloussa
Tennessee
Tinnesay
Chickapee
Spirit Lake
Grand Lake
Devil's Lake
Crater Lake For Pete's Sake I've been everywhere, man
I've been everywhere, man
Crossed the deserts bare, man
I've breatherd the mountain air, man
Travel, I've had my share, man
I've been everywhere I've been to,
Louisville
Nashville
Knoxville
Omerback
Shereville
Jacksonville
Waterville
Costa Rock
Richfield
Springfield
Bakersfield
Shreveport
Hakensack
Cadallic
Fond do Lac
Davenport
Idaho
Jellico
Argentina
Diamondtina
Pasadena
Catalina See What I Mean I've been everywhere, man
I've been everywhere, man
Crossed the deserts bare, man
I've breatherd the mountain air, man
Travel, I've had my share, man
I've been everywhere I've been to,
Pittsburgh
Parkersburg
Gravelburg
Colorado
Ellisburg
Rexburg
Vicksburg
Eldorado
Larimore
Adimore
Habastock
Chadanocka
Shasta
Nebraska
Alaska
Opalacka
Baraboo
Waterloo
Kalamazoo
Kansas City
Souix City
Cedar City
Dodge City What a pity I've been everywhere, man
I've been everywhere, man
Crossed the deserts bare, man
I've breatherd the mountain air, man
Travel, I've had my share, man
I've been everywhere I believe my steps are growin' wearier each day
Still I've got another journey on my mind
Lures of this old world have ceased to make me wanna stay
And my one regret is leavin' you behind But if it proves to be his will that I am first to go
And somehow I've a feelin' it will be
When it comes your time to travel likewise, don't feel lost
For I will be the first one that you'll see And I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan
I'll be sitting drawing pictures in the sand
And when I see you coming, I will rise up with the shout
And come running through the shallow waters, reaching for your hand Through this life we've labored hard to earn our meager fare
It's brought us trembling hands and failing eyes
So I'll just rest here on this shore and turn my eyes away
Until you come, then we'll see paradise And I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan
I'll be sitting drawing pictures in the sand
And when I see you coming, I will rise up with the shout
And come running through the shallow waters, reaching for your hand I'll be waiting on the far side banks of Jordan
I'll be sitting drawing pictures in the sand
And when I see you coming, I will rise up with the shout
And come running through the shallow waters, reaching for your hand, hmm We sailed on the ship John B my grandfather and me around Nassau town we did roam
Drinking all night got into a fight well I feel so homesick I wanna go home So hoist up the John B sail see how the mainsail sets
Call for the captain ashore let me go home Let me go home why don't you let me go home
Well I feel so homesick I wanna go home The first mate he got drunk broke up the people's trunk
Constable had to come and take him away Sheriff John Stone why don't you leave me alone
Well I feel so homesick I wanna go home Then the cook he caught the fits threw out all of my grits
Then he took and ate up all of my corn Let me go home why don't you let me go home
Well this is the worst trip since I have been born So hoist up the John B sail. Drink to me only with thine eyes
And I will pledge with mine.
Or leave a kiss within the cup
And I'll not ask for wine.
The thirst that from the soul doth rise
Doth ask a drink divine;
But might I of Jove's nectar sip,
I would not change for thine. I sent thee late a rosy wreath,
Not so much hon'ring thee
As giving it a hope that there
It could not withered be;
But thou thereon did'st only breathe,
And sent'st it back to me,
Since when it grows and smells, I swear
Not of itself, but thee. Drink to me only with thine eyes
And I will pledge with mine.
Or leave a kiss within the cup
And I'll not ask for wine.
The thirst that from the soul doth rise
Doth ask a drink divine;
But might I of Jove's nectar sip,
I would not change for thine. I walked through a county courthouse square
On a park bench an old man was sitting there
I said, your old courthouse is kinda run down
He said, naw, it'll do for our little town
I said, your old flagpole has leaned a little bit
And that's a ragged old flag you got hanging on it He said, have a seat, and I sat down
Is this the first time you've been to our little town?
I said, I think it is
He said, I don't like to brag
But we're kinda proud of that ragged old flag You see, we got a little hole in that flag there when
Washington took it across the Delaware
And it got powder-burned the night Francis Scott Key
Sat watching it writing say can you see
And it got a bad rip in New Orleans
With Packingham and Jackson tuggin' at its seams And it almost fell at the Alamo
Beside the texas flag, but she waved on though
She got cut with a sword at Chancellorsville
And she got cut again at Shiloh Hill
There was Robert E. Lee, Beauregard, and Bragg
And the south wind blew hard on that ragged old flag On Flanders field in World War one
She got a big hole from a Bertha gun
She turned blood red in World War Two
She hung limp and low a time or two
She was in Korea and Vietnam
She went where she was sent by Uncle Sam She waved from our ships upon the Briny foam
And now they've about quit waving her back here at home
In her own good land here she's been abused
She's been burned, dishonored, denied, and refused And the government for which she stands
Is scandalized throughout the land
And she's getting threadbare and wearing thin
But she's in good shape for the shape she's in
'Cause she's been through the fire before
And I believe she can take a whole lot more So we raise her up every morning
We take her down every night
We don't let her touch the ground and we fold her up right
On second thought, I do like to brag
'Cause I'm mighty proud of that ragged old flag I'm just a poor wayfaring stranger
Traveling through this world below
There is no sickness, no toil, nor danger
In that bright land to which I go I'm going there to see my Father
And all my loved ones who've gone on
I'm just going over Jordan
I'm just going over home I know dark clouds will gather 'round me
I know my way is hard and steep
But beauteous fields arise before me
Where God's redeemed, their vigils keep
I'm going there to see my Mother
She said she'd meet me when I come So, I'm just going over Jordan
I'm just going over home
I'm just going over Jordan
I'm just going over home On the road again
Just can't wait to get on the road again
The life I love is making music with my friends
And I cant wait to get on the road again On the road again
Goin' places that I've never been
Seein' things that I may never see again
I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again
Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway
We're the best of friends
Insisting that the world keep turning our way
And our way, is on the road again Just cant wait to get on the road again
The life I love is making music with my friends
And I cant wait to get on the road again On the road again
Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway
We're the best of friends
Insisting that the world keep turning our way
And our way Is on the road again
Just can't wait to get on the road again
The life I love is making music with my friends
And I cant wait to get on the road again
And I cant wait to get on the road again I was a highwayman
Along the coach roads I did ride
With sword and pistol by my side
Many a young maid lost her baubles to my trade
Many a soldier shed his lifeblood on my blade
The bastards hung me in the spring of twenty-five
But I am still alive I was a sailor
I was born upon the tide
And with the sea I did abide
I sailed a schooner round the Horn to Mexico
I went aloft and furled the mainsail in a blow
And when the yards broke off they said that I got killed
But I am living still I was a dam builder
Across the river deep and wide
Where steel and water did collide
A place called Boulder on the wild Colorado
I slipped and fell into the wet concrete below
They buried me in that great tomb that knows no sound
But I am still around
I'll always be around and around and around and around and around I fly a starship
Across the Universe divide
And when I reach the other side
I'll find a place to rest my spirit if I can
Perhaps I may become a highwayman again
Or I may simply be a single drop of rain
But I will remain
And I'll be back again, and again and again and again and again Oh, come all you young fellers, young and so fine
Seek not your fortune in the dark dreary mine
It'll form as a habit and seep in your soul
'Till the stream of your blood runs as black as the coal Where it's dark as a dungeon, damp as the dew
Danger is double, pleasures are few
Where the rain never falls, the sun never shines
It's dark as a dungeon way down in the mine Well it's many a man, that I've seen in my day
(No laughing during the song please)
(It's been recorded I know, hell)
(Don't you know it's recorded)
Like a fiend with his dope,
And a dropper with his wine
A man will have less for the lure of the mine
And, I pray when I'm dead and the ages shall roll
That my body would blacken and turn into coal
Then I'll look from the door of my heavenly home
And pity the miner digging my bones Where it's dark as a dungeon, damp as the dew
Danger is double and the pleasures are few
Where the rain never falls, the sun never shines
It's dark as a dungeon way down in the mine Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Sorry about that little interruption there, but I just
Want to tell you that this show is being recorded for an album
Release on Columbia Records and you can't say hell or shit or anything like that
How's that grab you Bob? There's a land that is fairer than day,
And by faith we can see it afar;
For the Father waits over the way
To prepare us a dwelling place there.
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore;
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.
We shall sing on that beautiful shore
The melodious songs of the blessed;
And our spirits shall sorrow no more,
Not a sigh for the blessing of rest.
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore;
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.
To our bountiful Father above,
We will offer our tribute of praise
For the glorious gift of His love
And the blessings that hallow our days.
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore;
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore. About the time that Daddy left to fight the big war
I saw my first pistol in the general store
In the general store, when I was thirteen
Thought it was the finest thing I ever had seen So l asked if I could have one when I grew up
Mama dropped a dozen eggs, she really blew up
She really blew up and I didn't understand
Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand
She really blew up and I didn't understand
Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand
The devil's right hand, the devil's right hand
Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand My very first pistol was a cap and ball Colt
Shoot as fast as lightnin' but it loads a mite slow
Loads a mite slow and i soon found out
It can get you into trouble but it can't get you out
So then I went and bought myself a Colt 45
Called a peacemaker but I never knew why
Never knew why, I didn't understand
Cause Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand
Never knew why, I didn't understand
Cause Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand
The devil's right hand, the devil's right hand
Mama said the pistol is the devil's right hand Well I get into a card game in a company town
Caught a miner cheating I shot the dog down
Shot the dog down, watched the dog fall
Never touched his holster, never had a chance to draw
The trial was in the morning and they drug me out of bed
Asked me how I pleaded, not guilty I said
Not guilty I said, you've got the wrong man
Nothing touched the trigger but the devil's right hand
Not guilty I said, you've got the wrong man
Nothing touched the trigger but the devil's right hand
the devil's right hand, the devil's right hand
Nothing touched the trigger but the devil's right hand Don't call my name out your window, I'm leavin'
I won't even turn my head.
Don't sent your kinfolk to give me no talkin'
I'll be gone, like I said. You'd just say the same old thing
That you be sayin' all along,
Just lay there in your bed and keep your mouth shut,
Till I'm gone.
Don't give me that old familiar cry and fuss and moan Understand your man, I'm tired of your bad-mouthin'
Understand your man. You can give my other suit to the Salvation Army,
And everything else I leave behind
I ain't takin' nothin' that'll slow down my travelin'
While I'm untanglin' my mind. I ain't gonna repeat
What I said any more
While I'm breathin' air that ain't been breathed before,
I'll be just as gone as the wild goose in winter Then you'll understand your man, meditate on it
Understand your man, you hear me talking
Understand your man. Remember what I told you
Understand your man
Understand your man On a Monday, I was arrested (uh huh)
On a Tuesday, they locked me in the jail (oh boy)
On a Wednesday, my trial was attested
On a Thursday, they said guilty and the Judge's gavel fell I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
I got chains, chains around my feet
I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
And them chains, them chains,
They're about to drag me down On a Monday, my momma come to see me
On a Tuesday, they caught me with a file
On a Wednesday, I'm down in solitary
On a Thursday, I start on bread and water for a while I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
I got chains, chains around my feet
I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
And them chains, them chains,
They're about to drag me down I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
I got chains, chains around my feet
I got stripes, stripes around my shoulders
And them chains, them chains,
They're about to drag me down Hey, this microphone's got a screw loose here
Somebody come screw this microphone?
What I say?
Just a minute, lemme fix this son of alright Cash Johnny
Non Album Tracks Tennessee Stud Jimmy Driftwood / Warden Music BMI (1994) Back about eighteen and twenty-five
I left Tennessee very much alive
I never would have made it through the Arkansas mud
If I hadn't been a-riding on the Tennessee Stud I had some trouble with my sweetheart's pa
One of her brothers was a bad outlaw
I wrote a letter to my Uncle Thud
And I rode away on the Tennessee Stud The Tennessee Stud was long and lean
The color of the sun and his eyes were green
He had the nerve and he had the blood
And there never was a horse like the Tennessee Stud I drifted on down into no man's land
I crossed the river called the Rio Grande
I raced my horse with the Spaniards bold
'Til I got me a skinful of silver and gold Me and a gambler, we couldn't agree
We got in a fight over Tennessee
We pulled our guns, he fell with a thud
And I rode away on the Tennessee Stud The Tennessee Stud was long and lean
The color of the sun and his eyes were green
He had the nerve and he had the blood
And there never was a horse like the Tennessee Stud I rode right back across Arkansas
And I whupped her brother and I whupped her pa
I found that girl with the golden hair
And she was a-riding on a Tennessee Mare Pretty little baby on the cabin floor
And a little horse colt playing 'round the door
I love the girl with the golden hair
And the Tennessee Stud loves the Tennessee Mare. The Tennessee Stud was long and lean
The color of the sun and his eyes were green
He had the nerve and he had the blood
And there never was a horse like the Tennessee Stud Click here for correction service info.
Click here if you need help. Your own personal Jesus
Someone to hear your prayers
Someone who cares Your own personal Jesus
Someone to hear your prayers
Someone who's there Feeling unknown
And you're all alone
Flesh and bone
By the telephone
Lift up the receiver
I'll make you a believer Take second best
Put me to the test
Things on your chest
You need to confess I will deliver
You know I'm a forgiver Reach out and touch faith
Reach out and touch faith Your own personal Jesus
Someone to hear your prayers
Someone who cares Your own personal Jesus
Someone to hear your prayers
Someone to care Feeling unknown
And you're all alone
Flesh and bone
By the telephone
Lift up the receiver
I'll make you a believer I will deliver
You know I'm a forgiver Reach out and touch faith
Reach out and touch faith
Reach out and touch faith
Reach out and touch faith Bet it ain't raining back home,
Bet you sister's still on the phone,
Bet momma's in the kitchen cooking fried chicken,
Wishing that I hadn't done wrong. Momma, don't you worry about it none though,
Everything's gonna be alright, momma,
They're teaching us a lot of new things in here, momma,
Things like there ain't no good in an evil hearted woman, And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James,
And you don't go writing hot checks down in Mississippi,
And there ain't no good chain gang.
Papa's reading yesterday's mail, Wishing that the hay was all bailed,
I bet he's wishing he could go fishing,
And here I am a'lazing in jail.
Well, papa, don't you worry about it none, Now, everything's gonna be alright, papa,
They're teaching us a lesson today,
We're learning pretty well too,
We've already learned a whole lot of stuff already, Things like there ain't no good in an evil hearted woman,
And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James,
And you don't go writing hot checks down in Mississippi,
And there ain't no good chain gang. There ain't no good in an evil hearted woman, And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James,
And you don't go writing hot checks down in Mississippi,
And there ain't no good chain gang.
There ain't no good in an evil hearted woman, And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James,
And you don't go writing hot checks down in Mississippi,
And there ain't no good chain gang. There ain't no good in an evil hearted woman,
And I ain't cut out to be no Jesse James, And you don't go writing hot checks down in Mississippi,
And there ain't no good chain gang. I was born in Saginaw, Michigan
And I grew up in a house on Saginaw Bay
My daddy was a poor hard working Saginaw fisherman
Too many times he came home with too little pay I loved a girl in Saginaw, Michigan
She was the daughter of a wealthy, wealthy man
But he called me, "That son of a Saginaw fisherman"
And not good enough to ever claim his daughter's hand That's why I'm up here in Alaska looking around for gold
Like a crazy fool I'm a digging in the frozen ground, so cold
But with each new day I pray I'll strike it rich and then
I'll go back home and claim my love in Saginaw, Michigan I wrote my love in Saginaw, Michigan
I said, "Honey, I'm a coming home, please wait for me
And you can tell your dad that I'm coming back a richer man
I've hit the biggest strike in Klondike history" Her dad met the bus in Saginaw, Michigan
And he gave me a great big party with champagne
Then he said, "Son, you're wise, young ambitious man
Why don't you sell your father-in-law your Klondike claim?" Now he's up there in Alaska digging in the cold, cold ground
That greedy fool is a looking for the gold I never found
But it serves him right and nobody here is missing him
Least of all the newly-weds of Saginaw, Michigan Down a dangerous road, I have come to where I'm standing
With a heavy heart, and my hat clutched in my hand
Such a foolish fool, God ain't known no greater sinner
I have come in search of Jesus, hoping he will understand I had a woman once; she was kind, and she was gentle
Had a child by me, who grew up to be a man
I had a steady job till I started into drinking
And I started making music that went with the devil's band Oh, the years flew by like a mighty rush of eagles
My dreams and plans were all scattered in the wind
It's a lonesome life when you lose the ones you live for
If I make my peace with Jesus, will they take me back again? If I give my soul, will he cleanse these clothes I'm wearin'?
If I give my soul, will he put new boots on my feet?
If I bow my head and beg God for his forgiveness
Will he breathe new breath inside me, and give back my dignity? If I give my soul, will he stop my hands from shaking?
If I give my soul, will my son love me again?
If I give my soul, and she knows I really mean it
If I give my soul to Jesus, will she take me back again? If I give my soul to Jesus, will she take me back again? We'll meet again
Don't know where
Don't know when
But I know
We'll meet again
Some sunny day Keep smilin' through
Just like you
Always do
'Til the blue skies drive
The dark clouds
Far away And will you please say hello
To the folks that I know
Tell 'em that I won't be long
And they'll be happy to know
That as you saw me go
I was singing this song We'll meet again
Don't know where
Don't know when
But I know
We'll meet again
Some sunny day Yeah we'll meet again
I don't know where
And I don't know when
But I do know
That we'll meet again
Some sunny day So Honey
Keep on smilin' through
Just like you always do
'Til the blue skies
Drive the dark clouds
Far away And would you please say hello
To all the folks that I know
And tell 'em I won't be long
They'll be happy to know
That as you saw me go
I was singing this song We'll meet again
Don't know where
Don't know when
But I know
We'll meet again
Some sunny day Now this here's a story about the Rock Island Line
Well the Rock Island Line she runs down into New Orleans
There's a big tollgate down there and you know
If you got certain things on board when you go through the tollgate
Well you don't have to pay the man no toll
Well a train driver he pulled up to the tollgate
And a man hollered and asked him what all he had on board and said I got livestock
I got livestock
I got cows
I got pigs
I got sheep
I got mules
I got all live stock Well he said you're alright boy you don't have to pay no toll
You can just go right on through so he went on through the tollgate
And as he went through he started pickin' up a little bit of speed
Pickin' up a little bit of steam
He got on through he turned and looked back at the man he said Well I fooled you
I fooled you
I got pigiron
I got pigiron
I got old pigiron Down the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road
Rock Island Line it's the road to ride
Rock Island Line it's a mighty good road
Well if you ride it you got to ride it like you find it
Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line Looked cloudy in the west and it looked like rain
Round the curve came a passenger train
North bound train on a southbound track
He's alright a leavin' but he won't be back Well, the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road
Rock Island Line it's the road to ride
Rock Island Line it's a mighty good road
Well if you ride it you got to ride it like you find it
Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line Oh I may be right and I may be wrong
But you're gonna miss me when I'm gone
Well the engineer said before he died
There were two more drinks that he'd like to try
The conductor said what could they be
A hot cup of coffee and a cold glass of tea Well the Rock Island Line she's a mighty good road
Rock Island Line it's the road to ride
Rock Island Line it's a mighty good road
Well if you ride it you got to ride it like you find it
Get your ticket at the station for the Rock Island Line In a little cabaret in a South Texas border town,
Sat a boy and his guitar, and the people came from miles around.
And all the girls from there to Austin,
Were slipping away from home and putting jewelery in hock.
To take the trip, to go and listen,
To the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box. And he would play, Well, he couldn't ride or wrangle, and he never cared to make a dime.
But give him his guitar, and he'd be happy all the time.
And all the girls from nine to ninety,
Were snapping fingers, tapping toes, and begging him: "Don't stop."
And hypnotized and fascinated,
By the little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box. And he would play, Then one day he was gone, and no one ever saw him 'round,
He'd vanished like the breeze, they forgot him in the little town.
But all the girls still dreamed about him.
And hung around the cabaret until the doors were locked.
And then one day on the Hit Parade,
Was a little dark-haired boy who played the Tennessee flat top box. And he would play Anybody got any special requests for us to do
John Henry?
Lemme do John Henry then and we'll go... Johnny Henry's pappy woke him up one midnight
He said "Before the sheriff comes I wanna tell you," Said "Listen boy
Learn to hoist a jack and learn to lay a track learn to pick and shovel too
And take that hammer, It'll do anything you tell it to." John Henry's mammy had about a dozen babies
John Henry's pappy broke jail about a dozen times
The babies all got sick and when the doctor wanted money
He said, "I'll pay you a quarter at a time starting tomorrow
That's the pay for a steel driver on this line." Then the section foreman said, "Hey! Hammer-swinger!
I see you your own hammer boy but, what all can them muscles do?" and he said,
"I can hoist a jack I can lay a track I can pick and shovel too."
He said "Can you swing a hammer" He said "do anything you hire me to." "Now ain't you something! So high and mighty with all that muscle!"
Go ahead, boy. Pick up that hammer, and show me what you can do!" He said to get a rusted spike and swing it down three times
Pay you a nickel a day for every inch you sink it to
Go on and do what you say you can do With a steel-nosed hammer on a four foot switch handle
John Henry raised it back 'til it touched his heels then
The spike went through the cross-tie and split it half in two
Thirty-five cents a day for driving steel
Said "Sweat, boy! Sweat! Only two more swings!"
"I was born drivin' steel" Well now John Henry hammered in the mountains
He'd give a grunt he give a groan every swing
The women-folks from miles around heard him and come down
To watch make the cold-steel ring "Lord! What a swinger!
Watch him make the cold-steel ring" But the bad boss came up laughin' at John Henry
He said, "You full of vinegar now but you bout' through!
We gonna get a steam drill to do your share of drivin'
Then what's all them muscles gonna do? Huh? John Henry?
Gonna take a little bit of vinegar out of you." John Henry said, "I feed four little brothers
And baby sisters' walkin' on her knees
Now did the Lord say that machines ought to take place of the livin'?
And what's a substitute for bread and beans? I ain't seen it!
Do engines get rewarded for their steam? John Henry said to his captain said "A man ain't nothin' but a man
But if you'll bring that steamdrill 'round I'll beat it fair and honest.
I'll die with that hammer in my hand but, I'll be laughin',
Cause you can't replace a steel-drivin' man. There was a big crowd of people at the mountain.
John Henry said to the steam-drill "How is you?
Said pardon me, Mister Steamdrill I suppose you didn't hear me.
I said how are you Huh?
Can you turn a jack? Can you lay a track? Can you pick and shovel too?
Listen, this hammer-swinger's talkin' to you. Two-thousand people hollered, "Go John Henry!"
Then somebody hollered," The mountain's cavin' in!"
John Henry told the captin, "Tell the kind-folks not to worry
It ain't nothin' but my hammer suckin' wind, it keeps me breathin'
This steel-driver's muscle it ain't thin. "Captain tell the people to move back farther
I'm at the finish line and ain't no drill
It's so far behind that it don't got the brains to quit it
When she blows up she'll scatter cross the hills Lord, Lord
When she blows up she'll scatter cross the hills" Now, John Henry had a little woman
I believe the lady's name was Paulie Ann yeah that was his good woman
John Henry threw his hammer over his shoulder and went on home
Early next mornin' he said,
"Come here Paulie Ann, come here sugar.
Said you know I been laying here, watching that sun come up
And I believe this is the first time I've seen the sun come up
That I couldn't come up with it
He said, (dirty mind),
He said take that hammer, Paulie Ann and go to that railroad
And when you swinging with that lead man
You tell em that's not all I can do. Tell em,
I can hoist a jack and I can lay a track I can pick and shovel too.
Ain't no machine can that's been proved to you! There was a big crowd of mourners at the church house
The section hands laid him in the sand
Trains go by on the rails John Henry laid.
They slow down and take off the hats,
When they come to whoreys lynn retsina' his back.
They say,"Mornin' Steel-driver, you sure was a hammer-swinger."
Then they go on by pickin' up a little bit of speed.
Clickity clack Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man lord lord
Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man lord lord
Yonder lies a steel-drivin' man Yonder lies a steel-drivin' Thank you very much
You know John Honey was a real man. He worked on a tunnel in West Virginia
Digin' a tunnel for the San Jose railroad.
And he was a mighty big man they say
That from his heels, on around to the ground he had a stroke of 19 feet
Boy that's a long stroke. Wooo that's a long stroke Ira Hayes...
Ira Hayes...
Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
He won't answer anymore,
Not the whiskey drinking Indian,
Or the marine that went to war. Gather 'round me people,
There's a story I would tell,
'Bout a brave young Indian,
You should remember well.
From the land of the Pima Indian,
A proud and noble band,
Who farmed the Phoenix Valley,
In Arizona land.
Down the ditches a thousand years,
The waters grew Ira's peoples' crops,
'Til the white man stole their water rights,
And the sparkling water stopped.
Now, Ira's folks were hungry,
And their land grew crops of weeds,
When war came, Ira volunteered,
And forgot the white man's greed. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
He won't answer anymore,
Not the whiskey drinking Indian,
Or the marine that went to war. There they battled up Iwo Jima hill,
Two hundred and fifty men,
But only twenty-seven lived,
To walk back down again.
And when the fight was over,
And Old Glory raised,
Among the men who held it high,
Was the Indian, Ira Hayes. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
He won't answer anymore,
Not the whiskey drinking Indian,
Or the marine that went to war. Ira Hayes returned a hero,
Celebrated through the land,
He was wined and speeched and honored,
Everybody shook his hand,
But he was just a Pima Indian,
No water, no home, no chance,
At home nobody cared what Ira'd done,
And when did the Indians dance. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
He won't answer anymore,
Not the whiskey drinking Indian,
Or the marine that went to war. Then Ira started drinking hard,
Jail was often his home,
They let him raise the flag and lower it
Like you'd throw a dog a bone.
He died drunk early one morning,
Alone in the land he fought to save,
Two inches of water and a lonely ditch,
Was a grave for Ira Hayes. Call him drunken Ira Hayes,
He won't answer anymore,
Not the whiskey drinking Indian,
Or the marine that went to war. Yeah, call him drunken Ira Hayes,
But his land is just as dry,
And his ghost is lying thirsty,
In the ditch where Ira died. Life is like a mountain railway
With an engineer that's brave
We must make the run successful
From the cradle to the grave Heed the curves and watch the tunnels
Never falter, never fail
Keep your hand upon the throttle
And your eye upon the rail Blessed Savior, Thou will guide us
Till we reach that blissful shore
Where the angels wait to join us
In that train forevermore Oh, Blessed Savior, Thou will guide us
Till we reach that blissful shore
Where the angels wait to join us
In God's grace forevermore To the town of Agua Fria rode a stranger one fine day
Hardly spoke to folks around him, didn't have too much to say,
No one dared to ask his business, no one dared to make a slip
The stranger there among them had a big iron on his hip,
Big iron on his hip It was early in the morning when he rode into the town
He came riding from the south side, slowly lookin' all around
"He's an outlaw loose and runnin'", came a whisper from each lip
"And he's here to do some business with a big iron on his hip,
Big iron on his hip" In this town there lived an outlaw by the name of Texas Red
Many men had tried to take him and that many men were dead
He was vicious and a killer, though a youth of twenty four
And the notches on his pistol numbered one and nineteen more,
One and nineteen more Now the stranger started talkin' made it plain to folks around
Was an Arizonia ranger, wouldn't be too long in town
He was here to take an outlaw back alive or maybe dead
And he said it didn't matter that he was after Texas Red,
After Texas Red Wasn't long before this story was relayed to Texas Red
But the outlaw didn't worry, men who tried before were dead
Twenty men had tried to take him, twenty men had made a slip,
Twenty one would be the ranger with the big iron on his hip,
Big iron on his hip Now the morning passed so quickly and it was time for them to meet
It was twenty past eleven when they rode out in the street
Folks were watchin' from their windows,
Every body held their breath,
They knew this handsome ranger was about to meet his death,
About to meet his death There was twenty feet between them
When they stopped to make their play
And the swiftness of the Ranger still talked about today
Texas Red had not cleared leather when a bullet fairly ripped
And the ranger's aim was deadly, with the big iron on his hip,
Big iron on his hip It was over in a moment and the crowd all gathered 'round
There before them lay the body of the outlaw on the ground
Oh, he might have went on livin' but he made one fatal slip
When he tried to match the ranger with the big iron on his hip,
Big iron on his hip Big iron, big iron,
Oh he tried to match the ranger with the big iron on his hip,
Big iron on his hip How high's the water, mama?
Two feet high and risin'
How high's the water, papa?
She said it's two feet high and risin' We can make it to the road in a homemade boat
That's the only thing we got left that'll float
It's already over all the wheat and oats,
Two feet high and risin' How high's the water, mama?
Three feet high and risin'
How high's the water, papa?
She said it's three feet high and risin' Well, the hives are gone,
I lost my bees
The chickens are sleepin'
In the willow trees
Cow's in water up past her knees,
Three feet high and risin' How high's the water, mama?
Four feet high and risin'
How high's the water, papa?
She said it's four feet high and risin' Hey, come look through the window pane,
The bus is coin', gonna take us to the train
Looks like we'll be blessed with a little more rain,
Four feet high and risin' How high's the water, mama?
Five feet high and risin'
How high's the water, papa?
She said it's five feet high and risin' Well the rails are washed out north of town
We gotta head for higher ground
We can't come back till the water goes down,
Five feet high and risin' Well, it's five feet high and risin' (When he reached down his hand for me)
Once my soul was astray from the heavenly way I was wretched and vile as could be
But my Saviour in love gave me peace from above
When he reached down his hand for me
When he reached down his hand for me when he reached way down for me
I was lost and undone without my God or his son
When he reached down his hand for me
[ guitar ]
I was near to despair when he came to me there
And he showed me that I could be free
Then he lifted my feet gave me gladness complete
When he reached down his hand for me
When he reached down... 