This land is your land, this land is my land
From the California to the New York island
From the Redwood Forest, to the gulf stream waters
This land was made for you and me
As I went walking that ribbon of highway
I saw above me that endless skyway
And saw below me that golden valley
This land was made for you and me I roamed and rambled and I followed my footsteps
To the sparkling sands of her diamond deserts
And all around me , a voice was sounding
This land was made for you and me When the sun comes shining, then I was strolling
In the wheat fields waving and dust clouds rolling
The voice was chanting as the fog was lifting
This land was made for you and me This land is your land and this land is my land
From the California to the New York island
From the Redwood Forest, to the gulf stream waters
This land was made for you and me John Henry, when he was a baby
Settin' on his mammy's knee
Picked up an hammer in his little right hand
Said, "Hammer be the death of me, me, me
Hammer be the death of me" Some say he's born in Texas
Some say he's born up in Maine
I just say he was a Louisiana man
Leader of a steel-driving chain gang
Leader on a steel-driving gang Well, the Captain said to John Henry
"I'm gonna bring my steam drill around
Gonna bring my steam drill out on the job
Gonna whup that steel on down, down, down
Whup that steel on down" John Henry said to the Captain
(What he say?)
"You can bring your steam drill around
You can bring your steam drill out on the job
I'll beat your steam drill down, down, down
Beat your steam drill down" John Henry said to his Shaker
"Shaker, you had better pray
If you miss your six feet of steel
I'll be your buryin' day, day, day
I'll be your buryin' day" Now, the Shaker said to John Henry
(Yes sir)
"Man ain't nothing but a man
(No he ain't)
But before I'd let that steam drill beat me down
(I believe him)
I'd die with an hammer in my hand, hand, hand
(I believe him)
I'd die with an hammer in my hand" John Henry had a little woman
Her name was Polly Anne
John Henry took sick and was laid up in bed
While Polly handled steel like a man, man, man
Polly handled steel like a man They took John Henry to the graveyard
Laid him down in the sand
Every locomotive comin' a-rolling by
Hollered, there lies a steel-drivin' man, man, man
There lies a steel-drivin' man
There lies a steel-drivin' man, man, man
There lies a steel-drivin' man I'm a-gonna wrap myself in paper,
I'm gonna daub myself with glue,
Stick some stamps on top of my head;
I'm gonna mail myself to you. I'm a gonna tie me up in a red string,
I'm gonna add blue ribbons too,
I'm a-gonna climb up in my mail box;
I'm gonna mail myself to you. When you see me in your mail box,
Cut the string and let me out;
Wash the glue off my fingers,
Stick some bubble gum in my mouth. Take me out of my wrapping paper,
Wash the stamps off my head;
Pour me full of ice cream sodies,
Put me in my nice warm bed I ride an old paint, lead an old dam,
Goin' to Montana to throw the houlihan
Feed 'em in the coulees, and water in the draw,
Tails are all matted and their backs are all raw Ride around, little doggies, ride around them slow,
They're fiery and snuffy and a-rarin' to go Old Bill Jones had two daughters and a song,
One went to college, and the other went wrong
His wife got killed in a free-for-all fight,
Still he keeps singin' from mornin' till night I've worked in your town, worked on your farm,
And all I got to show is the muscle in my arm,
Blisters on my feet, and the callus on my hand,
And I'm a-goin' to Montana to throw the houlihan This land is your land, this land is my land
From the California to the New York island
From the Redwood Forest, to the gulf stream waters
This land was made for you and me
As I went walking that ribbon of highway
I saw above me that endless skyway
And saw below me that golden valley
This land was made for you and me I roamed and rambled and I followed my footsteps
To the sparkling sands of her diamond deserts
And all around me , a voice was sounding
This land was made for you and me When the sun comes shining, then I was strolling
In the wheat fields waving and dust clouds rolling
The voice was chanting as the fog was lifting
This land was made for you and me This land is your land and this land is my land
From the California to the New York island
From the Redwood Forest, to the gulf stream waters
This land was made for you and me John Henry, when he was a baby
Settin' on his mammy's knee
Picked up an hammer in his little right hand
Said, "Hammer be the death of me, me, me
Hammer be the death of me" Some say he's born in Texas
Some say he's born up in Maine
I just say he was a Louisiana man
Leader of a steel-driving chain gang
Leader on a steel-driving gang Well, the Captain said to John Henry
"I'm gonna bring my steam drill around
Gonna bring my steam drill out on the job
Gonna whup that steel on down, down, down
Whup that steel on down" John Henry said to the Captain
(What he say?)
"You can bring your steam drill around
You can bring your steam drill out on the job
I'll beat your steam drill down, down, down
Beat your steam drill down" John Henry said to his Shaker
"Shaker, you had better pray
If you miss your six feet of steel
I'll be your buryin' day, day, day
I'll be your buryin' day" Now, the Shaker said to John Henry
(Yes sir)
"Man ain't nothing but a man
(No he ain't)
But before I'd let that steam drill beat me down
(I believe him)
I'd die with an hammer in my hand, hand, hand
(I believe him)
I'd die with an hammer in my hand" John Henry had a little woman
Her name was Polly Anne
John Henry took sick and was laid up in bed
While Polly handled steel like a man, man, man
Polly handled steel like a man They took John Henry to the graveyard
Laid him down in the sand
Every locomotive comin' a-rolling by
Hollered, there lies a steel-drivin' man, man, man
There lies a steel-drivin' man
There lies a steel-drivin' man, man, man
There lies a steel-drivin' man I'm a-gonna wrap myself in paper,
I'm gonna daub myself with glue,
Stick some stamps on top of my head;
I'm gonna mail myself to you. I'm a gonna tie me up in a red string,
I'm gonna add blue ribbons too,
I'm a-gonna climb up in my mail box;
I'm gonna mail myself to you. When you see me in your mail box,
Cut the string and let me out;
Wash the glue off my fingers,
Stick some bubble gum in my mouth. Take me out of my wrapping paper,
Wash the stamps off my head;
Pour me full of ice cream sodies,
Put me in my nice warm bed I ride an old paint, lead an old dam,
Goin' to Montana to throw the houlihan
Feed 'em in the coulees, and water in the draw,
Tails are all matted and their backs are all raw Ride around, little doggies, ride around them slow,
They're fiery and snuffy and a-rarin' to go Old Bill Jones had two daughters and a song,
One went to college, and the other went wrong
His wife got killed in a free-for-all fight,
Still he keeps singin' from mornin' till night I've worked in your town, worked on your farm,
And all I got to show is the muscle in my arm,
Blisters on my feet, and the callus on my hand,
And I'm a-goin' to Montana to throw the houlihan Go to sleep you weary hobo
Let the towns drift slowly by
Listen to the steel rails hummin'
That's the hobo's lullaby Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Do not think 'bout tomorrow
Let tomorrow come and go
Tonight you're in a nice warm boxcar
Safe from all that wind and snow I know the police cause you trouble
They cause trouble everywhere
But when you die and go to Heaven
You'll find no policemen there So go to sleep you weary hobo
Let the towns drift slowly by
Listen to the steel rails hummin'
That's a hobo's lullaby Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh I ain't got no home, I'm just a-roamin' 'round,
Just a wandrin' worker, I go from town to town.
And the police make it hard wherever I may go
And I ain't got no home in this world anymore. My brothers and my sisters are stranded on this road,
A hot and dusty road that a million feet have trod;
Rich man took my home and drove me from my door
And I ain't got no home in this world anymore. Was a-farmin' on the shares, and always I was poor;
My crops I lay into the banker's store.
My wife took down and died upon the cabin floor,
And I ain't got no home in this world anymore. I mined in your mines and I gathered in your corn
I been working, mister, since the day I was born
Now I worry all the time like I never did before
'Cause I ain't got no home in this world anymore Iâ??m gonna tell you fascists
You may be surprised
The people in this world
Are getting organized
Youâ??re bound to lose
You fascists bound to lose Race hatred cannot stop us
This one thing we know
Your poll tax and Jim Crow
And greed has got to go
Youâ??re bound to lose
You fascists bound to lose. All of you fascists bound to lose:
I said, all of you fascists bound to lose:
Yes sir, all of you fascists bound to lose:
Youâ??re bound to lose! You fascists:
Bound to lose! People of every color
Marching side to side
Marching â??cross these fields
Where a million fascists dies
Youâ??re bound to lose
You fascists bound to lose! (World War II Version) I got the news that the war had begun
It was straight for the Army Hall that I run
And all of the people in my home town
Was a running up and a running down
Singing: So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
There's a mighty big war that's got to be won
And we'll get back together again. The crowd was packed by the railroad track
People was yelling and patting my back
And while the engineer rung his bell
I hugged all the mothers and kissed all the gals,
Singing: So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
There's a mighty big war that's got to be won
And we'll get back together again I got to the camp and I learnt how to fight
Fascists in daytime, mosquitoes at night
I got my orders to cross o'er the sea
So I waved "goodbye" to the girls I could see,
Singing: So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
There's a mighty big war that's got to be won
And we'll get back together again I got on a boat and I started to float
My old pack-sack and my big wool coat
With ten thousand men we rode the foam
And sung this song to the people back home: So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
There's a mighty big war that's got to be won
And we'll get back together again I landed somewhere on a fighting shore
With ten million soldiers and ten million more
And while we were chasing that Super Race
We sung this song in the chase.
It was: So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
There's a mighty big war that's got to be won
And we'll get back together again So it won't be long till the fascists are gone
And all of their likes are finished and done
We'll throw the clods of dirt in their face
And walk away from that lonesome place
Singing: So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
So long, it's been good to know you
There's a mighty big war that's got to be won
And we'll get back together again [Chorus]
It takes a worried man to sing a worried song
It takes a worried man to sing a worried song
It takes a worried man to sing a worried song
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long I went across the river and I laid down to sleep
I went across the river and I laid down to sleep
I went across the river and I laid down to sleep
When I woke up, I had shackles on my feet Twenty-one links of chain around my leg
Twenty-one links of chain around my leg
Twenty-one links of chain around my leg
And on each link, is initial of my name [Chorus] I asked that judge, what's gonna be my fine
I asked the judge, tell me, what's gonna be my fine
I asked the judge, tell me, what's gonna be my fine
Twenty one years on the Rocky Mountain Line Twenty-one years to pay my awful crime
Twenty-one years to pay my awful crime
Twenty-one years to pay my awful crime
Twenty-one years and I still got ninety-nine [Chorus] If anybody ask you, "Well who made up this song?"
If anybody ask you, "Well who made up this song?"
If anybody ask you, "Well who made up this song?"
Tell 'em t'was me and I done been here and gone [Chorus] I've sung this song, but I'll sing it again,
Of the place that I lived on the wild windy plains,
In the month called April, county called Gray,
And here's what all of the people there say: So long, it's been good to know yuh;
So long, it's been good to know yuh;
So long, it's been good to know yuh.
This dusty old dust is a-gettin' my home,
And I got to be driftin' along. A dust storm hit, an' it hit like thunder;
It dusted us over, an' it covered us under;
Blocked out the traffic an' blocked out the sun,
Straight for home all the people did run,
Singin', We talked of the end of the world, and then
We'd sing a song an' then sing it again.
We'd sit for an hour an' not say a word,
And then these words would be heard: Sweethearts sat in the dark and sparked,
They hugged and kissed in that dusty old dark.
They sighed and cried, hugged and kissed,
Instead of marriage, they talked like this:
"Honey," Now, the telephone rang, an' it jumped off the wall,
That was the preacher, a-makin' his call.
He said, "Kind friend, this may the end;
An' you got your last chance of salvation of sin!" The churches was jammed, and the churches was packed,
An' that dusty old dust storm blowed so black.
Preacher could not read a word of his text,
An' he folded his specs, an' he took up collection,
Said, It's a mighty hard row that my poor hands have hoed
My poor feet have traveled a hot dusty road
Out of your Dust Bowl and westward we rolled
And your deserts were hot and your mountain was cold I worked in your orchards of peaches and prunes
Slept on the ground in the light of your moon
On the edge of the city you'll see us and then
We come with the dust and we go with the wind California and Arizona, I make all your crops
And its North up to Oregon to gather your hops
Dig the beets from your ground, cut the grapes from your vine
To set on your table your light sparkling wine Green pastures of plenty from dry desert ground
From the Grand Coulee Dam where the waters run down
Every state in this Union us migrants have been
We'll work in this fight and we'll fight till we win Jesus Christ was a man that traveled through the land
Hard working man and brave
He said to the rich, "Give your goods to the poor"
So they laid Jesus Christ in His grave
Yes, Jesus was a man, a carpenter by hand
His followers true and brave
One dirty coward called Judas Iscariot
Laid poor Jesus in His grave He went to the preacher, He went to the sheriff
Told them all the same
"Sell all of your jewelry and give it to the poor"
So they laid Jesus Christ in His grave When Jesus come to town, all the working folks around
Believed what he did say
The bankers and the preachers, they nailed Him on the cross
And they laid Jesus Christ in his grave And the working people followed him around
Singing and shouting gay
But the cops and soldiers nailed him in the air
And they laid Jesus Christ in his grave Well the people held their breath when they heard about his death
Everybody wondered why
It was the landlord and the soldiers that they hired
To nail Jesus Christ in the sky This song was made in New York City
Of rich man and preachers, and slaves
If Jesus was to preach like He preached in Galillee
They would lay Jesus Christ in His grave Yes, Jesus was a man and a carpenter by hand
His followers true and brave
One dirty coward called Judas Iscariot
As laid poor Jesus in His grave Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Take me riding in the car, car
Take me riding in the car, car
Take you riding in the car, car
I'll take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Click clack, open up the door, girls
Click clack, open up the door, boys
Front door, back door, clickety clack
Take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Climb, climb, rattle on the front seat
Spree I spraddle on the backseat
Turn my key, step on my starter
Take you riding in my car Engine it goes brm brm brrrm
Engine it goes brm brm brrrm
Front seat, backseat, boys and girls
Take you riding in my car Trees and the houses walk along
Trees and the houses walk along
Truck and a car and a garbage can
I'll take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Ships and the little boars chug along
Ships and the little boats chug along
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm
Take you riding in my car I'm a gonna zoom you home again
I'm a gonna zoom you home again
Brrrm brm brm brm brm rolling home
Take you riding in my car I'm a gonna let You blow the horn
I'm a gonna let you blow the horn
A oorah, a oorah, a oogah, oogah
I'll take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm That old dust storm killed my baby,
But it can't kill me, Lord
And it can't kill me. That old dust storm killed my family,
But it can't kill me, Lord
And it can't kill me. That old landlord got my homestead,
But he can't get me, Lord,
And he can't get me. That old dry spell killed my crop, boys,
But it can't kill me, Lord
And it can't kill me. That old tractor got my home, boys,
But it can't get me, Lord
And it can't get me. That old tractor run my house down,
But it can't get me down,
And it can't get me. That old pawn shop got my furniture,
But it can't get me, Lord,
And it can't get me. That old highway's got my relatives,
But it can't get me, Lord,
And it can't get me. That old dust might kill my wheat, boys,
But it can't kill me, Lord
And it can't kill me. I have weathered a-many a dust storm,
But it can't get me, boys,
And it can't kill me. That old dust storm, well, it blowed my barn down,
But it can't blow me down,
And it can't blow me down. That old wind might blow this world down,
But it can't blow me down,
It can't kill me. That old dust storm's killed my baby,
But it can't kill me, Lord
And it can't kill me. I've been havin' some hard travelin', I thought you knowed
I've been havin' some hard travelin', way down the road
I've been havin' some hard travelin', hard ramblin', hard gamblin'
Been havin' some hard travelin', Lord I've been ridin' them fast rattlers, I thought you knowed
I've been ridin' them flat wheelers, way down the road
I've been ridin' them blind passengers, dead-enders, kickin' up cinders
I've been havin' some hard travelin', Lord I've been hittin' some hard-rock minin', I thought you knowed
I've been leanin' on a pressure drill, way down the road
Hammer flyin', air hole suckin', six foot of mud and I shore been a muckin'
And I've been hittin' some hard travelin', Lord I've been hittin' some hard harvestin', I thought you knowed
North Dakota to Kansas City, way down the road
Cuttin' that wheat, stackin' that hay and I'm tryin' make 'bout a dollar a day
And I've been havin' some hard travelin', Lord I've been working that Pittsburgh steel, I thought you knowed
I've been dumpin' that red-hot slag, way down the road
I've been blasting, I've been a firin', I've been pourin' red-hot iron
And I've been hittin' some hard travelin', Lord I've been layin' in a hard-rock jail, I thought you knowed
I've been laying out 90 days, way down the road
Damned old judge, he said to me, "It's 90 days for vagrancy"
I've been hittin' some hard travelin', Lord There once was a union maid, she never was afraid
Of goons and ginks and company finks and the deputy sheriffs who made the raid.
She went to the union hall when a meeting it was called,
And when the Legion boys come 'round
She always stood her ground. Oh, you can't scare me, I'm sticking to the union,
I'm sticking to the union, I'm sticking to the union.
Oh, you can't scare me, I'm sticking to the union,
I'm sticking to the union 'til the day I die. This union maid was wise to the tricks of company spies,
She couldn't be fooled by a company stool, she'd always organize the guys.
She always got her way when she struck for better pay.
She'd show her card to the National Guard
And this is what she'd say You gals who want to be free, just take a tip from me;
Get you a man who's a union man and join the ladies' auxiliary.
Married life ain't hard when you got a union card,
A union man has a happy life when he's got a union wife. Bury me beneath the willow
'Neath that weeping willow tree
When she comes she'll find me sleeping
Then perhaps she'll think of me It's many a night while you're sleeping
Sleeping in your sleeping clothes
I'm a poor boy, broken-hearted
Listenin' to the wind that blows Bury me beneath the willow
'Neath that weeping willow tree
When she comes she'll find me sleeping
Then perhaps she'll think of me Tomorrow was to be our wedding
God, oh Lord, where can she be
She has gone to find another
She no longer cares for me The crops are all in
And the peaches are rotting
The oranges piled up
In their creosote dumps
You're flying 'em back
To the Mexican border
To spend all their money
To wade back again [Chorus]
Good bye to my Juan
Goodbye Rosalita
Adios mis amigos Jesus why Maria
You won't have a name
When you ride the big airplane
All they will call you
Will be "deportees" Some of us are illegal
And others not wanted
Our work contract's up
And we have to move on
Six hundred miles to that Mexican border
They chase us like outlaws
Like rustlers, like thieves [Chorus] The skyplane caught fire
Over Los Gatos Canyon
A fireball of lightning
Shook all our hills
Who are all these friends
Who are scattered like dried leaves
The radio said
They were just "deportees" [Chorus] In the world's mighty gallery of pictures
There's scenes that're painted from life
Scenes of youth and of beauty
Scenes of hardship and strife Scenes of wealth and of plenty
Old age and a blushing young bride
Hang on the wall but the saddest of all
Is the pictures from life's other side A picture from life's other side
Somebody has fell by the way
And a life has gone out with the tide
That might have been happy some day There's a poor old mother at home
She's watching and waiting alone
Longing to hear from a loved one so dear
Just a picture from life's other side Now the first scene is one of two brothers
Who had lost all of his money at play
One lived in luxury and riches
And the other went beg for his bread One night they met on the highway
"Your money or lives, sir," they cried
Then with his knife took his own brother life
That's a picture from life's other side Now the next scene is that by the river
A heartbroken mother and babe
In the harbor lights shine and they shiver
Outcast, soon no one will save Once she was once a true woman
Somebody's darling and pride
God help her she leaps, there's no one to weep
That's a picture from life's other side That's a picture from life's other side
Somebody has fell by the way
And a life has gone out with the tide
That might have been happy some day Some poor mother at home
Watching and waiting alone
Longing to hear from a loved one so dear
That's a picture from life's other side If you'll gather 'round me, children,
A story I will tell
'Bout Pretty Boy Floyd, an outlaw,
Oklahoma knew him well. It was in the town of Shawnee,
A Saturday afternoon,
His wife beside him in his wagon
As into town they rode. There a deputy sheriff approached him
In a manner rather rude,
Vulgar words of anger,
An' his wife she overheard. Pretty Boy grabbed a log chain,
And the deputy grabbed his gun;
In the fight that followed
He laid that deputy down. Then he took to the trees and timber
To live a life of shame;
Every crime in Oklahoma
Was added to his name. But a many a starving farmer
The same old story told
How the outlaw paid their mortgage
And saved their little homes. Others tell you 'bout a stranger
That come to beg a meal,
Underneath his napkin
Left a thousand dollar bill. It was in Oklahoma City,
It was on a Christmas Day,
There was a whole car load of groceries
Come with a note to say: Well, you say that I'm an outlaw,
You say that I'm a thief.
Here's a Christmas dinner
For the families on relief. Yes, as through this world I've wandered
I've seen lots of funny men;
Some will rob you with a six-gun,
And some with a fountain pen. And as through your life you travel,
Yes, as through your life you roam,
You won't never see an outlaw
Drive a family from their home. Way down in Columbus Georgia
Lord I wish I was back in Tennessee
Way down in that old Columbus Stockade
My friends all have turned their back on me. Go and leave me if you wish to
Never let me cross your mind
In your heart you love another
Leave me, little darling, I don't mind Many a night with you I've rambled
Honey, countless hours with you I've spent
Thought I had your sweet love and your little heart forever
But I find it was only lent. Go and leave me if you wish to
Never let me cross your mind
If in your heart you love another
Leave me, little darling, I don't mind Last night as I lay sleeping
Oh, I dreamd that I was you in my arms
When I woke I was mistaken
Lord, I was still behind these bars Go and leave me if you wish to
Never let me cross your mind
If in your heart you love another
Leave me, little darling, I don't mind
Lord, I've got the walking blues How many nights for Hanukah?
Happy joyous Hanukah
Nights and days, days and nights,
Happy joyous Hanukah Chorus:
Eight are the nights of Hanukah
Happy joyous Hanukah
Eight are the days, and eight are the nights
Happy joyous Hanukah How many candles do I light?
Happy joyous Hanukah
Eight are the candles you should light
For a Happy joyous Hanukah
(Chorus) One for Moses on the Mount
Happy joyous Hanukah
Two for the mother and father love
Happy Joyous Hanukah
(Chorus) Three for the Books that Ezra taught
Happy joyous Hanukah
Four's for the Hebrew children
Happy joyous Hanukah
(Chorus) Five for the Brothers Maccabee
Happy joyous Hanukah
Six for the tricks the King did play
Happy Joyous Hanukah
(Chorus) Seven for the sons of Hannah that died
Not so happy Hanukah
Eight for the newbuilt alter place
Happy joyous Hanukah
(Chorus) Nine is the light of God that shines
Happy joyous Hanukah
Around this whole wide world tonight
Happy joyous Hanukah
(Chorus) Nine is for God's light that shines
Eight for the newbuilt alter place
Seven for the sons of Hannah that died
Six for kings and the tricks they tried
Five for the brothers Maccabee
Four for the Hebrew children
Three for the Books that Ezra taught
Two for the father and mother love
One for Moses on the Mount Eight are the night of Hanukah
Happy joyous Hanukah
Eight are the days and eight are the nights
Happy Joyous Hanukah HAPPY JOYOUS HANUKAH! Roll on, Columbia, roll on
Roll on, Columbia, roll on
Your power is turning our darkness to dawn
So roll on, Columbia, roll on Green Douglas firs where the waters cut through
Down her wild mountains and canyons she flew
Canadian Northwest to the oceans so blue
Roll on Columbia, roll on Other great rivers add power to you
Yakima, Snake, and the Klickitat, too
Sandy Willamette and Hood River too
So roll on, Columbia, roll on Tom Jefferson's vision would not let him rest
An empire he saw in the Pacific Northwest
Sent Lewis and Clark and they did the rest
So roll on, Columbia, roll on It's there on your banks that we fought many a fight
Sheridan's boys in the blockhouse that night
They saw us in death but never in flight
So roll on Columbia, roll on At Bonneville now there are ships in the locks
The waters have risen and cleared all the rocks
Shiploads of plenty will steam past the docks
So roll on, Columbia, roll on And on up the river is Grand Coulee Dam
The mightiest thing ever built by a man
To run the great factories and water the land
So roll on, Columbia, roll on These mighty men labored by day and by night
Matching their strength 'gainst the river's wild flight
Through rapids and falls, they won the hard fight
So roll on, Columbia, roll on Oh, little doggies
It's your misfortune and not of my own
Whoop-ee-ti-yi-o get along little doggies
You know that Wyoming will be your new home A cattle trail drunk and a hard road to travel
That old Jack O' Diamonds is a hard card to play
Get along, get along, get along little doggies
Get along little doggies and be on your way Whoop-ee-ti-yi-o get along little doggies
It's your misfortune and not of my own
Whoop-ee-ti-yi-o get along little doggies
You know that Wyoming will be your new home Some boys have bit this old cow trail for pleasure
But that's where they get it most awfully wrong
I wish I could tell you the troubles they give us
As we go rolling these doggies along To the rich man's bright lodges I ride in this wind
On my good horse I call you my shiny Black Bess
To the playhouse of fortune
to take the bright silver
An gold you have taken from somebody else And as we go riding in the damp foggy midnight
You snort, my good pony, and you give me your best
For you know, and I know, good horse
'mongst the rich ones
How oftimes we go there an unwelcome guest I've never took food from the widows and orphans
And never a hard working man I oppressed
So take your pace easy,
for home soon like lightening
We soon will be riding, my shiny Black Bess No fat rich man's pony can ever overtake you
And there's not a rider from the east to the west
Could hold you a light
in this dark mist and midnight
When the potbellied thieves
chase their unwelcome guest I don't know good horse,
As we trot in this dark here
That robbing the rich is for worse or for best
They take it by stealing and lying and gambling
And I take it my way, my shiny Black Bess I treat horses good and I'm friendly to strangers
I ride and your running makes my guns talk the best
And the rangers and deputies
are hired by the rich man
To catch me and hang me, my shining Black Bess Yes, they'll catch me napping one day
and they'll kill me
And then I'll be gone but that won't be my end
For my guns and my saddle will always be filled
By unwelcome travellers and other brave men And they'll take the money and spread it out equal
Just like the Bible and the prophets suggest
But the man that go riding to help these poor workers
The rich will cut down like an unwelcome guest I'd like to rest my heavy head tonight
On a bed of California stars
I'd like to lay my weary bones tonight
On a bed of California stars
I'd love to feel your hand touching mine
And ell me why i must keep working on
Yes, I'd give my life to lay my head tonight
On a bed of California stars I'd like to dream my troubles all away
On a bed of California stars
Jump up from my starbed and make another day
Underneath my California stars
They hang like grapes on vines that shine
And warm the lovers glass like friendly wine
So, I'd give this world just to dream a dream with you
On our bed of California stars (My Daddy) Well, a curly-headed girl with a bright shining smile
Heard the roar of a plane as it sailed through the sky
To her playmates she said, with a bright twinkling eye
My Daddy flies that ship in the sky My Daddy flies that ship in the sky
My Daddy flies that ship in the sky
My Mama's not afraid and neither am I
'Cause my Daddy flies that ship in the sky Then a button-nosed kid, as he kicked up his heels
He said, My Daddy works in the iron and the steel
My Dad builds the planes and they fly through the sky
And that's what keeps your daddy up there so high That's what keeps your daddy up there so high
That's what keeps your daddy up there so high
My Dad builds the planes and they fly through the sky
And that's what keeps your daddy up there so high Then a freckle-faced kid pinched his toe in the sand
He says, My Daddy works at that place where they land
You tell your mama, don't be afraid
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again
Don't be afraid when it gets dark and rains
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard
To love one that never did love you?
And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard, great God
To love one that never will be true? There is a house in this old town
And that's where my true love lays around
And he takes other women right down on his knee
And he tells them a little tale he won't tell me And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard
To love one that never did love you?
And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard, great God
To love one that never will be true? Well, don't you go to drinkin' or to gamblin'
Don't go there, your sorrows to drown
That hard-liquor place is a low-down disgrace
It's the meanest old place in this town And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard
To love one that never did love you?
And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard, great God
To love one that never will be true? Well, the first time I seen my true love
He was walkin' by my door
The next time I saw his false hearted smile
He was dead on his blue board And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard
To love one that never did love you?
And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard, great God
To love one that never will be true? And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard
To love one that never did love you?
And it's hard and it's hard, ain't it hard, great God
To love one that never will be true? Hey lolly lolly lolly
Hey lolly lolly lolly low A married man will keep your secret
A single boy will talk about you A playin' man will keep your secret
A quiet man will talk about you Well, a married man's an easy rider
A single boy gets all excited Come all you old time cowboys
And listen to my song
Please do not grow weary
I'll not detain you long Concerning some wild cowboys
Who did agree to go
Spend the summer pleasant
On the trail of the buffalo I found myself in griffin
In the spring of '83
When a well known famous drover
Come walking up to me Said, "How do you do, young fellow
Well, how would you like to go
And spend the summer pleasant
On the trail of the buffalo?" Well, I being out of work right then
To the drover I did say
"Going out on the buffalo road
Depends on the pay" If you will pay good wages
And transportation to and fro
I think I might go with you
On the hunt of the buffalo Of course I'll pay good wages
And transportation too
If you will agree to work for me
Until the season's through But if you do get homesick
And you try to run away
You will starve to death
Out on the trail and also lose your pay Well with all his flattering talking
He signed up quite a train
Some 10 or 12 in number
Some able bodied men Our trip it was a pleasant one
As we hit the Westward road
Until we crossed Old Boggy Creek
In Old New Mexico There our pleasures ended
And our troubles all began
A lightening storm hit us
And made the cattle run Got all full of stickers
From the cactus that did not grow
And the outlaws watching
To pick us off in the hills of Mexico Well, our working season ended
And the drover would not pay
If you had not drunk too much
You are all in debt to me But the cowboys never had heard
Such a thing as a bankrupt law
So we left that drover's bones to bleach
On the plains of the buffalo There's more pretty girls than one
More pretty girls than one
Every town I rambled around
More pretty girls than one Look down that railroad line
See the train rolled by
Train rolls by with a woman I love
And I hung my head and cried More pretty girls than one
More pretty girls than one
Every town I rambled around
More pretty girls than one Look out across that sea
See the breakers swell
How many a love is washed away
No human tongue can tell there's more pretty girls than one
There's more pretty girls than one
Every town I rambled around
More pretty girls than one there's more pretty girls than one
There's more pretty girls than one
Every town I rambled around
More pretty girls than one I just blowed in, and I got them dust bowl blues,
I just blowed in, and I got them dust bowl blues,
I just blowed in, and I'll blow back out again. I guess you've heard about ev'ry kind of blues,
I guess you've heard about ev'ry kind of blues,
But when the dust gets high, you can't even see the sky. I've seen the dust so black that I couldn't see a thing,
I've seen the dust so black that I couldn't see a thing,
And the wind so cold, boy, it nearly cut your water off. I seen the wind so high that it blowed my fences down,
I've seen the wind so high that it blowed my fences down,
Buried my tractor six feet underground. Well, it turned my farm into a pile of sand,
Yes, it turned my farm into a pile of sand,
I had to hit that road with a bottle in my hand. I spent ten years down in that old dust bowl,
I spent ten years down in that old dust bowl,
When you get that dust pneumony, boy, it's time to go. I had a gal, and she was young and sweet,
I had a gal, and she was young and sweet,
But a dust storm buried her sixteen hundred feet. She was a good gal, long, tall and stout,
Yes, she was a good gal, long, tall and stout,
I had to get a steam shovel just to dig my darlin' out. These dusty blues are the dustiest ones I know,
These dusty blues are the dustiest ones I know,
Buried head over heels in the black old dust,
I had to pack up and go.
An' I just blowed in, an' I'll soon blow out again. On Springfield Mountain there did dwell
A lovely youth I knowed him well. Too roo de nay, too roo de noo This lovely youth one day did go
Down to the meadom for to mow. Too roo de nay, too roo de noo. He scarce had mowed quite round the field
When a crul serpent bit his heel. Too roo de nay, too roo de noo. They took him home to molly dear
Which made him feel so very gueer. Too roo de nay, too roo de noo. Now Molly had two ruby lips
With which the poison she did sip. Too roo de nay, too roo de noo. Now Molly had a rotting tooth,
And so the poison killed them both. I didn't promise you skies painted blue
Not all colored flowers all your days through
I didn't promise you, sun with no rain
Joys without sorrows, peace without pain. All that I promise is strength for this day,
Rest for my worker, and light on your way.
I give you truth when you need it, my help from above,
Undying friendship, my unfailing love. I never did promise you crowns without trials,
Food with no hard sweat, your tears without smiles,
Hot sunny days without cold wintry snows,
No vict'ry without fightin', no laughs without woes. All that I promise is strength for this day,
Rest for my, worker, my light on your way,
I give you truth when you need it, my help from above,
Undying friendship, my unfailing love. I sure didn't say I'd give you heaven on earth,
A life with no labor no struggles no deaths,
No earthquakes no dryspells, no fire flames no droughts,
No slaving no hungers, no blizzards no blights. All that I promise is strength for this day,
Rest for my worker, my light on your way,
I give you truth when you need it, my help from above,
Undying friendship, my unfailing love. I promise you power, this minute this hour,
The power you need when you fall down to bleed,
I give you my peace, and my strength to pull home
My love for all races all creeds and all kinds. My flavors my saviors my creeds of all kinds,
My love for my saviors, all colors all kinds,
My love for my races all creeders all kinds,
My saviors my flavors my dancers all kinds,
My dancers my prancers my singers all kinds,
My flavors my saviors my dancers all kinds. Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley
Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley
You're gonna reap
Just what you sow God gave Noah
That rainbow sign
God gave Noah
That rainbow sign God gave Noah
That rainbow sign
Won't be water
But fire next time It won't be water
But fire next time
Won't be water
But fire next time Won't be water
But fire next time
God gave Noah
That rainbow sign Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley
Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley
You're gonna reap
Just what you sow Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley
Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley Sowing on the mountain
Reaping in the valley
You're gonna reap
Just what you sow Put your finger in the air, in the air.
Put your finger in the air, in the air.
Put your finger in the air, and hold it right up there.
Put your finger in the air, in the air. Put your finger on your cheek, on your cheek.
Put your finger on your cheek, on your cheek.
Put your finger on your cheek, leave it there a week.
Put your finger on your cheek, on your cheek. Put your finger on your nose, on your nose.
Put your finger on your nose, on your nose.
Put your finger on your nose, and see if it grows.
Put your finger on your nose, on your nose. Put your finger on your ear, on your ear.
Put your finger on your ear, on your ear.
Put your finger on your ear, and leave it there a year.
Put your finger on your ear, on your ear. I'm just a lonesome traveler, The Great Historical Bum
Highly educated from history I have come
I built the Rock of Ages, 'twas in the Year of One
And that was about the biggest thing that man had ever done I worked in the Garden of Eden, that was the year of two
Joined the apple pickers union, I always paid my due
I'm the man that signed the contract to raise the rising sun
And that was about the biggest thing that man had ever done I was straw boss on the Pyramids, the Tower of Babel, too
I opened up the ocean let the migrant children through
I fought a million battles and I never lost a one
And that was about the biggest thing that man had ever done I beat the daring Roman, I beat the daring Turk
Defeated Nero's army with thirty minutes work
I fought the greatest leaders and I licked them everyone
And that was about the biggest thing that man had ever done I was in the Revolution when we set the country free
It was me and a couple of Indians that dumped the Boston tea
We won the battle at Valley Forge, the battle of Bully Run
And that was about the biggest thing that man has ever done There was a man across the ocean and I guess you knew him well
His name was Adolf Hitler, and damn his soul to hell
We kicked him in the panzers and put him on the run
And that was about the biggest thing that man has ever done Mines and mills and factories to run for Uncle Sam
Produce and furs soldiers boys that fight to display lands
Our job's a tough 'un, it'll take us everyone
And this is about the biggest thing that man has ever done There's warehouse guys and teamsters and guys that skin the cats
Guys that run my steel mill, my furnace and my blast
We'll stop the Axis rattlesnakes and thieves of old Nippon
And that will be the biggest thing that man has ever done I'd better quit my talking, 'cause I told you all I know
Please remember, pardner, wherever you may go
The world is diggin' Hitler's grave, and when the job is done
That'll be the biggest thing that man has ever done, yeah
That'll be the biggest thing that man has ever done Ramblin' around your city
Ramblin' around your town
I never see a friend I know
As I go ramblin' 'round, boys
As I go ramblin' 'round My sweetheart and my parents
I left in my old hometown
I'm out to do the best I can
As I go ramblin' round, boys
As I go ramblin' round The peach trees they are loaded
The limbs are bending down
I pick 'em all day for a dollar, boys
As I go a ramblin' 'round, boys
As I go a ramblin' 'round Sometimes the fruit gets rotten
And falls upon the ground
There's a hungry mouth for every peach
As I go a ramblin' 'round, boys
As I go a ramblin' 'round I wish that I could marry
I wish that I could settle down
But I cant' save a penny, boys
As I go a ramblin' 'round
As I go a ramblin' 'round My mother prayed that I would be
A man of some renown
But I'm just a refugee
As I go a ramblin' 'round, boys
As I go a ramblin' 'round Have you seen that vigilante man?
Have you seen that vigilante man?
Have you seen that vigilante man?
I been hearin' his name all over the land. Well, what is a vigilante man?
Tell me, what is a vigilante man?
Has he got a gun and a club in his hand?
Is that is a vigilante man? Rainy night down in the engine house,
Sleepin' just as still as a mouse,
Man come along an' he chased us out in the rain.
Was that a vigilante man? Stormy days we passed the time away,
Sleepin' in some good warm place.
Man come along an' we give him a little race.
Was that a vigilante man? Preacher Casey was just a workin' man,
And he said, "Unite all you working men."
Killed him in the river some strange man.
Was that a vigilante man? Oh, why does a vigilante man,
Why does a vigilante man
Carry that sawed-off shot-gun in his hand?
Would he shoot his brother and sister down? I rambled 'round from town to town,
I rambled 'round from town to town,
And they herded us around like a wild herd of cattle.
Was that the vigilante men? Have you seen that vigilante man?
Have you seen that vigilante man?
I've heard his name all over this land. Well, a curly-headed girl with a bright shining smile
Heard the roar of a plane as it sailed through the sky
To her playmates she said, with a bright twinkling eye
My Daddy flies that ship in the sky My Daddy flies that ship in the sky
My Daddy flies that ship in the sky
My Mama's not afraid and neither am I
'Cause my Daddy flies that ship in the sky Then a button-nosed kid, as he kicked up his heels
He said, My Daddy works in the iron and the steel
My Dad builds the planes and they fly through the sky
And that's what keeps your daddy up there so high That's what keeps your daddy up there so high
That's what keeps your daddy up there so high
My Dad builds the planes and they fly through the sky
And that's what keeps your daddy up there so high Then a freckle-faced kid pinched his toe in the sand
He says, My Daddy works at that place where they land
You tell your mama, don't be afraid
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again
Don't be afraid when it gets dark and rains
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again  There's a valley in Spain called Jarama
It's a place that we all know so well
It was there that we fought against the fascists
We saw a peaceful valley turn to hell From this valley they say we are going
But don't hasten to bid us adue
Even though we lost the battle at Jarama
We'll set this valley free before we're through We were men of a the Laken Battalion
We're proud of the fight that we made
We know that you people love the valley
We're remember a Laken Vrigade From this valley they say we are going
But don't hasten to bid us adue
Even though we lost the battle at Jarama
We'll set this valley free before we're through You will never find peace with these fascists
You'll never find friends such as we
So remember that valley of Jarama
And the people that'll set that valley free From this valley they say that we are going
Don't hasten to bid us adue
Even though we lost the battle at Jarama
We'll set this valley free before we're through All this world is like this valley called Jarama
So green and so bright and so fair
No fascists can dwell in our valley
Nor breathe in our new freedoms air From this valley they say we are going
Do not hasten to bid us adue
Even though we lost the battle at Jarama
We'll set this valley free before we're through I'm a dust bowl refugee,
Just a dust bowl refugee,
From that dust bowl to the peach bowl,
Now that peach fuzz is a-killin' me. 'Cross the mountains to the sea,
Come the wife and kids and me.
It's a hot old dusty highway
For a dust bowl refugee. Hard, it's always been that way,
Here today and on our way
Down that mountain, 'cross the desert,
Just a dust bowl refugee. We are ramblers, so they say,
We are only here today,
Then we travel with the seasons,
We're the dust bowl refugees. From the south land and the drought land,
Come the wife and kids and me,
And this old world is a hard world
For a dust bowl refugee. Yes, we ramble and we roam
And the highway that's our home,
It's a never-ending highway
For a dust bowl refugee. Yes, we wander and we work
In your crops and in your fruit,
Like the whirlwinds on the desert
That's the dust bowl refugees. I'm a dust bowl refugee,
I'm a dust bowl refugee,
And I wonder will I always
Be a dust bowl refugee? My mommy told me an' the teacher told me, too,
There's all kinds of work that I can do:
Dry my dishes, sweep my floor,
But if we all work together it won't take very long. We all work together with a wiggle and a giggle,
We all work together with a giggle and a grin.
We all work together with a wiggle and a giggle,
We all work together with a giggle and a grin. My sister told me,
Brother told me, too,
Lots an' lotsa work
That I can do.
I can bring her candy.
Bring him gum.
But if we all work together
Hadn't oughtta take long. So My daddy said,
And my grandpaw, too,
There's work, worka, work
For me to do.
I can paint my fence.
Mow my lawn.
But if we all work together,
Well, it shouldn't take long. So I tell Mama an' Daddy,
Grampaw an' Granmaw, too,
I tell my sister an' my brother,
Lotsa work for you to do.
You can bring me pennie
And candy and gum;
But if we all work together
'town't take so very long. And so We all work together with a wiggle and a giggle,
We all work together with a giggle and a grin.
We all work together with a wiggle and a giggle,
We all work together with a giggle and a grin.
With a wiggle and a giggle and a google and a goggle
And a jigger and a jagger and a giggle and a grin. [Chorus]
Ezekiel saw that wheel
Way up in the middle of the air
Ezekiel saw that wheel whirling
Way up in the middle of the air
Now the little wheel runs by faith
And the big wheel runs by the grace of God
And a wheel in a wheel whirling
Way up in the middle of the air Tell you what a hypocrite he will do
(Way up in the middle of the air)
He'll talk about me and he'll talk about you
(Way up in the middle of the air) [Chorus] Brothers and sisters tell you what you gotta do
Way up in the middle of the air
Join about union two by two
Way up in the middle of the air [Chorus] Tell you what a bootlegger he will do
Way up in the middle of the air
Sell you liquor and liquor with fruit
Way up in the middle of the air [Chorus] Lots of folks back East, they say, is leavin' home every day
Beatin' the hot old dusty way to the California line
'Cross the desert sands they roll, gettin' out of that old dust bowl
They think they're goin' to a sugar bowl, but here's what they find
Now, the police at the port of entry say
"You're number fourteen thousand for today" Oh, if you ain't got the do re mi, folks, you ain't got the do re mi
Why, you better go back to beautiful Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Georgia, Tennessee.
California is a garden of Eden, a paradise to live in or see
But believe it or not, you won't find it so hot
If you ain't got the do re mi You want to buy you a home or a farm, that can't deal nobody harm
Or take your vacation by the mountains or sea
Don't swap your old cow for a car, you better stay right where you are
You better take this little tip from me
'Cause I look through the want ads every day
But the headlines on the papers always say If you ain't got the do re mi, boys, you ain't got the do re mi
Why, you better go back to beautiful Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Georgia, Tennessee.
California is a garden of Eden, a paradise to live in or see
But believe it or not, you won't find it so hot
If you ain't got the do re mi It was early springtime when the strike was on,
They drove us miners out of doors,
Out from the houses that the Company owned,
We moved into tents up at old Ludlow. I was worried bad about my children,
Soldiers guarding the railroad bridge,
Every once in a while a bullet would fly,
Kick up gravel under my feet. We were so afraid you would kill our children,
We dug us a cave that was seven foot deep,
Carried our young ones and pregnant women
Down inside the cave to sleep. That very night your soldiers waited,
Until all us miners were asleep,
You snuck around our little tent town,
Soaked our tents with your kerosene. You struck a match and in the blaze that started,
You pulled the triggers of your gatling guns,
I made a run for the children but the fire wall stopped me.
Thirteen children died from your guns. I carried my blanket to a wire fence corner,
Watched the fire till the blaze died down,
I helped some people drag their belongings,
While your bullets killed us all around. I never will forget the look on the faces
Of the men and women that awful day,
When we stood around to preach their funerals,
And lay the corpses of the dead away. We told the Colorado Governor to call the President,
Tell him to call off his National Guard,
But the National Guard belonged to the Governor,
So he didn't try so very hard. Our women from Trinidad they hauled some potatoes,
Up to Walsenburg in a little cart,
They sold their potatoes and brought some guns back,
And they put a gun in every hand. The state soldiers jumped us in a wire fence corners,
They did not know we had these guns,
And the Red-neck Miners mowed down these troopers,
You should have seen those poor boys run. We took some cement and walled that cave up,
Where you killed these thirteen children inside,
I said, "God bless the Mine Workers' Union,"
And then I hung my head and cried. Way out in Reno, Nevada
Where romances blooms and fades
There was Philadelphia lawyer
Makin' love with a Hollywood maid "Come, love, and we'll go ramblin'
Down where the lights are so bright
I'll win you a divorce from your husband
And we can get married tonight" Wild Bill was a gun-totin' cowhand
Ten notches were carved in his gun
And all the boys around Reno
Left Bill's Hollywood sweetheart alone One night when Bill was returning
From ridin' the range in the cold
He thought of his Hollywood sweetheart
Her love was as lasting as gold As he drew near to her window
Two shadows he saw on the shade
'Twas the great Philadelphia lawyer
Makin' love to Bill's Hollywood maid The night was as still as the desert
The moon hangin' high overhead
Bill listened awhile through the window
He could hear ev'ry word that they said "Your hands are so pretty and lovely
Your form's so rare and divine
Come go back with me to Philadelphia
And leave this wild cowboy behind" Now tonight back in old Pennsylvania
Among her beautiful pines
There's one less Philadelphia lawyer
In old Philadelphia tonight While we are on the subject of hard work
I just wanted to say you that, "I always was a man who likes hard work"
I was born working and I worked my way up by hard work
I ain't ever got no where, but I got there by hard work Work of the hardest kind I been down and I been out
I been disgusted I been busted and I couldn't be trusted
I worked my way up and I worked my way down
I been drunk and I been sober, I been baptized and got hijacked
I been robbed for cash and I been robbed on a credit Worked my way in jail and I worked my way outta jail
Woke up a lot of mornin's, didn't know where I was at
The hardest work I ever done was, when I was tryin'
To get myself a worried woman to help ease my worried mind I'm gonna tell ya just how much work I had to do
To get this woman I was tellin' you about, I shook hands
With ninety seven of her kinfolk and her blood relatives
And I done just the same with eighty six people
Who's just her friends and her neighbors I kissed seventy three babies and put dry pants
On thirty four of em', well as others done this same thing several times
Well there are a lot of other things just like this
I held one hundred twenty five wild horses
And put saddles and bridles on more than that Harnessed some of the craziest and wildest teams in that whole country'
I rode fourteen loco broncos to a stand still
And I let forty two hound dogs lick me all over seven times
I's bit by hungry dogs and I was chewed all to pieces
My water moccasins and rattlesnakes on two river bottoms I chopped and carried three hundred fourteen arm loads
Of stove wood, one hundred nine buckets of coal
Carried a gallon of kerosene eighteen miles over the mountains
Got lost, lost a good pair of shoes in a mud hole
And I chopped and weeded forty eight rows of short cotton Thirteen acres of bad corn, I cut the sticker weeds
Out of eleven back yards, all on account of 'cause
I wanted to show her that I was a man and I liked to work
I cleaned out nine barn lofts, cranked thirty one cars
All makes and models, pulled three cars out of mud holes
And four or five out of snow drifts I dug five cisterns of water for some of her friends
Run all kinds of errands, played the fiddle for nine
Church meetin's I Joined eleven separate denominations
I joined up and signed up with seven best trade unions
I could find, I paid my wages, a, dues six months in advance I waded forty eight miles of swamps and six big rivers
Walked across two ranges of mountains
Crossed three deserts, I got the fever, sun stroke, Malaria, blue
Moonstruck, skeeter bit, poison ivy and the seven year itch
And the blind staggers, I was give up for less, lost and dead A couple of times struck by lightning, struck by Congress
Struck by friends and kinfolks eell as by three cars on highways
A lot of times in people's hen houses, I been hit and run down
Run over and walked on knocked around, I'm just sittin' here
Now tryin' to study up what else I can do to show that women
That I still ain't afraid of hard work There's an airline plane
Flies to Heaven every day
Past them pearly gates
If you want to ride this train
Have your ticket in your hand
Before it is too late. If the world looks wrong
And your money's spent and gone
And your friend has turned away
You can get away to Heaven
On this aeroplane
Just bow your head and pray. Them's got ears let them hear
Them's got eyes let them see
Turn Your Eyes to the Lord of the skies
Take that airline Plane
It will Take You Home again.
Yes, to your home beyond the skies. Well, a lot of people guess
Some say no and some say Yes
Will it take some and leave some behind?
But you will surely know
When to the airport go
To leave this world behind Oh, a lot of speakers speak
And a lot of preachers preach
When you lay their salary on the line
But to bow your head and pray
Is the only earthly way
That you can fly to Heaven on time.
That you can reach Heaven on time. Your ticket you obtain
On this heavenly airline plane
You leave your sins behind
You have got to take this flight
Might be daytime, might be night,
But you can't see your way if you're blind  Chorus:
Don't you push me, push me, push me,
Don't you push me down.
Don't you push me, push me, push me,
Don't you push me down. You can play with me,
You can take my hand,
We can skip together
Down to the pretzel stand.
You can wear my mommy's shoes,
You can wear my daddy's hat,
You can even get mad at me,
But don't you push me down. Chorus You can play with me,
We can build a house,
You can take my ball,
And bounce it up and down.
You can take my skates,
And ride them all around,
You can even get mad at me,
But don't you push me down. Chorus You can play with me,
We can play all day,
You can use may use my dishes,
If you put them away.
You can feed me apples,
Oranges and Plum,.
You can even wash my face,
But don't you push me down. Chorus I've got to know, yes, I've got to know, friend;
Hungry lips ask me wherever I go!
Comrades and friends all falling around me
I've got to know, yes, I've got to know. Why do your war boats ride on my waters?
Why do your death bombs fall from my skies?
Why do you burn my farm and my town down?
I've got to know, friend, I've got to know! What makes your boats haul death to my people?
Nitro blockbusters, big cannons and guns?
Why doesn't your ship bring food and some clothing?
I've sure got to know, folks, I've sure got to know! Why can't my two hands get a good pay job?
I can still plow, plant, I can still sow!
Why did your lawbook chase me off my good land?
I'd sure like to know, friend, I've just got to know! What good work did you do, sir, I'd like to ask you,
To give you my money right out of my hands?
I built your big house here to hide from my people,
Why you crave to hide so, I'd love to know! You keep me in jail and you lock me in prison,
Your hospital's jammed and your crazyhouse full,
What made your cop kill my trade union worker?
You'll hafta talk plain 'cause I sure have to know! Why can't I get work and cash my big paycheck?
Why can't I buy things in your place and your store?
Why do you close my plant down and starve all my buddies?
I'm asking you, sir, 'cause I've sure got to know! It was late last night when the boss come home
He's askin' about his lady
The only answer he received, "She's gone with the
Gypsy Davy, gone with the gypsy Davy" "Go saddle for me my buskin' horse
And a hundred dollars saddle
Point out to me their wagon tracks
And after them I'll travel, after them I'll ride" Well, I had not rode 'til the midnight moon
When I saw the campfire gleaming
I heard the notes of the big guitar
And the voice of the gypsy singin' That song of the gypsy Dave
There in the light of the camping fire
I saw her fair face beaming
Her heart in tune with the big guitar And the voice of the gypsy singing
That song of the gypsy Dave
Have you forsaken your house and home
Have you forsaken your baby Have you forsaken your husband dear
To go to the gypsy Davy
And sing with the gypsy Dave
That song of the gypsy Dave Yes, I've forsaken my husband dear
To go with the gypsy Davy
And I've forsaken my mansion high
But not my blue-eyed baby
Not my blue-eyed babe She smiled to leave her husband dear
And go with the Gypsy Davy
But the tears come a-trickling down her cheeks
To think of the blue-eyed baby
Pretty little blue-eyed babe Take off, take off your buckskin gloves
Made of Spanish leather
Give to me your lily-white hair
And we'll ride home together
We'll ride home again No, I won't take off my buckskin gloves
They're made of Spanish leather
I'll go my way from day to day
And sing with the Gypsy Davy
That song of the Gypsy Davy
That song of the Gypsy Davy
That song of the Gypsy Dave On the 14th day of April of 1935,
There struck the worst of dust storms that ever filled the sky.
You could see that dust storm comin', the cloud looked deathlike black,
And through our mighty nation, it left a dreadful track.
From Oklahoma City to the Arizona line,
Dakota and Nebraska to the lazy Rio Grande,
It fell across our city like a curtain of black rolled down,
We thought it was our judgement, we thought it was our doom. The radio reported, we listened with alarm,
The wild and windy actions of this great mysterious storm;
From Albuquerque and Clovis, and all New Mexico,
They said it was the blackest that ever they had saw. From old Dodge City, Kansas, the dust had rung their knell,
And a few more comrades sleeping on top of old Boot Hill.
From Denver, Colorado, they said it blew so strong,
They thought that they could hold out, but they didn't know how long. Our relatives were huddled into their oil boom shacks,
And the children they was cryin' as it whistled through the cracks.
And the family it was crowded into their little room,
They thought the world had ended, and they thought it was their doom. The storm took place at sundown, it lasted through the night,
When we looked out next morning, we saw a terrible sight.
We saw outside our window where wheat fields they had grown
Was now a rippling ocean of dust the wind had blown. It covered up our fences, it covered up our barns,
It covered up our tractors in this wild and dusty storm.
We loaded our jalopies and piled our families in,
We rattled down that highway to never come back again. Two good men a long time gone,
Two good men a long time gone
(Two good men a long time gone, oh, gone),
Sacco, Vanzetti a long time gone,
Left me here to sing this song. Say, there, did you hear the news?
Sacco worked at trimming shoes;
Vanzetti was a peddling man,
Pushed his fish cart with his hands. Sacco was born across the sea
Somewhere over in Italy;
Vanzetti was born of parents fine,
Drank the best Italian wine. Sacco sailed the sea one day,
Landed up in Boston Bay;
Vanzetti sailed the ocean blue,
Landed up in Boston, too. Sacco's wife three children had,
Sacco was a family man;
Vanzetti was a dreaming man,
His book was always in his hand. Sacco earned his bread and butter
Being the factory's best shoe cutter;
Vanzetti spoke both day and night,
Told the workers how to fight. I'll tell you if you ask me
'Bout this payroll robbery;
Two clerks was killed by the shoe factory
On the street in South Braintree. Judge Thayer told his friends around
He would cut the radicals down;
Anarchist bastards was the name
Judge Thayer called these two good men. I'll tell you the prosecutors' names,
Katsman, Adams, Williams, Kane;
The judge and lawyers strutted down,
They done more tricks than circus clowns. Vanzetti docked here in 1908;
He slept along the dirty streets,
He told the workers ?Organize?
And on the electric chair he dies. All you people ought to be like me,
And work like Sacco and Vanzetti;
And every day find some ways to fight
On the union side for workers' rights. I've got no time to tell this tale,
The dicks and bulls are on my trail; But I'll remember these two good men
That died to show me how to live. All you people in Suassos Lane
Sing this song and sing it plain.
All you folks that's coming along,
Jump in with me, and sing this song. Many a month has come and gone
Since I wandered from my home
In those Oklahoma hills where I was born.
Many a page of life has turned,
Many a lesson I have learned;
Well, I feel like in those hills I still belong. 'Way down yonder in the Indian Nation
Ridin' my pony on the reservation,
In those Oklahoma hills where I was born.
Now, 'way down yonder in the Indian Nation,
A cowboy's life is my occupation,
In those Oklahoma hills where I was born. But as I sit here today,
Many miles I am away
From a place I rode my pony through the draw,
While the oak and blackjack trees
Kiss the playful prairie breeze,
In those Oklahoma hills where I was born. Now as I turn life a page
To the land of the great Osage
In those Oklahoma hills where I was born,
While the black oil it rolls and flows
And the snow-white cotton grows
In those Oklahoma hills where I was born. In the mornin' you shall be free
'fore day you shall be free hear me say
You shall be free when the good lord sets you free I was down in the hen house other night awful dark
I didn't have no light I reached for a chicken
I got me a goose a man come out, I had to turn him loose I jumped a gully you shall be free I jumped a rose bush you shall be free
You shall be free when the good lord sets you free Vpreacher an' a rooster had a terrible fight
Preacher knocked the rooster clean out o' sight
Preacher told the rooster that'll be all right
Meet ya at the hen house tomorrow night You shall be free in the mornin'
You shall be free you know, rooster
You shall be free when the good lord sets you free I's down in the hen house on my knees
I thought I heard a chicken sneeze
Only a rooster sayin' his prayers
Thankin' his god for the hens upstairs Here's the preacher you shall be free
He's a-singin' you shall be free
Takin' up c'llection you shall be free
When the good lord sets you free Oh, some folks says times is hard
Preacher says put your trust in god matter no difference
Don't you see a hog can't run too fast for me Gettin' that
You shall be free
Gettin' that hogeye you shall be free
Eatin' up chitt'lin's you shall be free
When the good lord sets you free As some people say, a preacher won't steal
I caught two down in my corn fiel'
One had a bushel, other had a peck
Other'n had a roastin' ear down his neck You shall be free gettin' roastin' ears
You shall be free gettin' dried corn
You shall be free when the good lord sets you free Oh the gun said boom an' the hog said
Jumped on 'er with all o' his will
How that hog gets You shall be free I don't care you shall be free forget about
You shall be free when the good lord sets you free Well, the world has seven wonders, the travelers always tell
Some gardens and some towers, I guess you know them well
But the greatest wonder is in Uncle Sam's fair land
It's that King Columbia River and the big Grand Coulee Dam She heads up the Canadian Rockies where the rippling waters glide
Comes a-rumbling down the canyon to meet that salty tide
Of the wide Pacific Ocean where the sun sets in the west
And the big Grand Coulee country in the land I love the best In the misty crystal glitter of that wild and windward spray
Men have fought the pounding waters and met a watery grave
Well, she tore their boats to splinters but she gave men dreams to dream
Of the day the Coulee Dam would cross that wild and wasted stream Uncle Sam took up the challenge in the year of Thirty three
For the farmer and the factory and all of you and me
He said, "Roll along Columbia. You can ramble to the sea
But river while you're ramblin' you can do some work for me" Now in Washington and Oregon you hear the factories hum
Making chrome and making manganese and light aluminum
And there roars a mighty furnace now to fight for Uncle Sam
Spawned upon the King Columbia by the big Grand Coulee Dam In the misty crystal glitter of that wild and windward spray
Men have fought the pounding waters and met a watery grave
Well, she tore their boats to splinters but she gave men dreams to dream
Of the day the Coulee Dam would cross that wild and wasted stream Back in Nineteen Twenty-Seven,
I had a little farm and I called that heaven.
Well, the prices up and the rain come down,
And I hauled my crops all into town --
I got the money, bought clothes and groceries,
Fed the kids, and raised a family. Rain quit and the wind got high,
And the black ol' dust storm filled the sky.
And I swapped my farm for a Ford machine,
And I poured it full of this gas-I-line --
And I started, rockin' an' a-rollin',
Over the mountains, out towards the old Peach Bowl. Way up yonder on a mountain road,
I had a hot motor and a heavy load,
I's a-goin' pretty fast, there wasn't even stoppin',
A-bouncin' up and down, like popcorn poppin' --
Had a breakdown, sort of a nervous bustdown of some kind,
There was a feller there, a mechanic feller,
Said it was en-gine trouble. Way up yonder on a mountain curve,
It's way up yonder in the piney wood,
An' I give that rollin' Ford a shove,
An' I's a-gonna coast as far as I could --
Commence coastin', pickin' up speed,
Was a hairpin turn, I didn't make it. Man alive, I'm a-tellin' you,
The fiddles and the guitars really flew.
That Ford took off like a flying squirrel
An' it flew halfway around the world --
Scattered wives and children's
All over the side of that mountain. We got out to the West Coast broke,
So dad-gum hungry I thought I'd croak,
An' I bummed up a spud or two,
An' my wife fixed up a tater stew --
We poured the kids full of it,
Mighty thin stew, though,
You could read a magazine right through it.
Always have figured
That if it'd been just a little bit thinner,
Some of these here politicians
Coulda seen through it. Let's have Christ our President
Let us have him for our king
Cast your vote for the Carpenter
That you call the Nazarene The only way we can ever beat
These crooked politician men
Is to run the money changers out of the temple
Put the Carpenter in O It's Jesus Christ our President
God above our king
With a job and a pension for young and old
We will make hallelujah ring Every year we waste enough
To feed the ones who starve
We build our civilization up
And we shoot it down with wars One evening when the sun was low
My brown eyes whispered, "I must go."
Not one second would she wait.
She kissed my cheek and left my gate. [Chorus]
Those brown eyes I loved so well.
Those brown eyes I long to see.
How I long for those brown eyes.
Strangers they have grown to be. One night I met her on the street.
I tipped my hat but I could not speak.
Another man was by her side.
Soon I thought she'd be his bride. [Chorus] 'Twas just a year ago today,
They laid my own brown eyes away.
Six long years for me she cried.
It was her brother by her side. [Chorus] Why can't a dish break a hammer?
Why oh why oh why?
'Cause a hammer's a hard head
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why, oh why, oh why oh, why?
Why, oh why, oh why?
Because because because because
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why can't a bird eat an elephant?
Why, oh why, oh why?
'Cause an elephant's got a pretty hard skin
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why can't a mouse eat a streetcar?
Why, oh why, oh why?
'Cause a mouse's stomach could never get big enough to hold a streetcar
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why does a horn make music?
Why, oh why, oh why?
Because the horn-blower blows it
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why does a cow drink water?
Tell me why n why?
Because the cow gets thirsty just like you or me or anybody else
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why, oh why, oh why oh, why?
Why, oh why, oh why?
Because because because because
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why don't you answer my questions?
Why, oh why, oh why?
'Cause I don't know the answers
Goodbye goodbye goodbye What makes the landlord take money?
Why, oh why, oh why?
I don't know that one myself
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why's there no pennies for ice cream
Why, oh why, oh why?
You put all the pennies in the telephone
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why can't a rabbit chase an eagle?
Tell me why, oh why?
'Cause the last rabbit that took out and chased after an eagle didn't come
Out so good and that's why rabbits don't chase after eagles that's all I
Know about rabbits and eagles?
And oh, because because because Why ain't my grandpa my grandma?
Why, oh why, oh why?
Same reason your dad's not your mommy
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why couldn't the wind blow backwards?
Why, oh why, oh why?
'Cause it might backfire and hurt somebody and if it
Hurt somebody it'd keep on hurting them so why
Goodbye goodbye goodbye Why, oh why, oh why oh, why and
Why, oh why, and why?
Because because because because
Goodbye goodbye goodbye I'm a-going down this old dusty road
I'm a-going down this old dusty road
O Lord God
And I ain't gonna be treated this way I'm a-going where the dust storms never blow
I'm a-going where the dust storms never blow
O Lord God
And I ain't gonna be treated this way My children need three square meals a day
My children need three square meals a day
O Lord God
And I ain't gonna be treated this way I'm a-looking for a job and honest pay
I'm a-looking for a job and honest pay
O Lord God
And I ain't gonna be treated this way It was sad when that great ship went down
Sad when that great ship went down
The cold ocean floor will now be your home
Sad when that great ship went down It was sad when that great ship went down
Sad when that great ship went down
The cold ocean floor will now be your home
Sad when that great ship went down It was sad when that great ship went down
Sad when that great ship went down
The cold ocean floor will now be your home
Sad when that great ship went down It was sad when that great ship went down
Sad when that great ship went down
The cold ocean floor will now be your home
It was sad when that great ship went down Take off, take off your shoes
This place you're standing, it's holy ground
Take off, take off your shoes
The spot you're standing, its holy ground These words I heard in my burning bush
This place you're standing, it's holy ground
I heard my fiery voice speak to me
This spot you're standing, it's holy ground That spot is holy holy ground
That place you stand it's holy ground
This place you tread, it's holy ground
God made this place his holy ground Take off your shoes and pray
The ground you walk it's holy ground
Every spot on earth I trapse around
Every spot I walk it's holy ground Down in the scrub oak timber of the Southeast Texas Gulf
There used to ride a brakeman and a brakeman double tough
He worked the town of Kilgore and Longview nine miles down
Us trav'lers called him East Texas Red the meanest bull around. I rode by night and by broad daylight in wind and snow and sun
I always seen little East Texas Red sporting his smooth running gun
The tale got switched down the stems and main and everybody said
The meanest man on the shiny rails was little East Texas Red. It was early in the morning and along towards nine or ten
A couple of boys on the hunt of a job stood in the blizzardy wind
Hungry and cold they knocked on the doors of the working folks around
For a piece of meat and a spud or two to boil a stew around. Red he come down the cinder dump and he flagged the number two
He kicked their bucket over a bush and he dumped out all their stew
A traveler said, Mister East Texas Red you better get everything fixed
'Cause you're gonna ride your little train just one year from today. Red he laughed as he clumb the bank and swung aside of a wheeler
The boys caught a tanker to Seminole and west to Amarillo
They struck them a job of oil field work and followed a pipe line down
It took them lots of places till the year had rolled around. On one cold and wintery day they hooked them a Gulf bound train
They shivered and shook with dough in their clothes to see Kilgore again
Over hills of sand and hard froze roads where the cotton wagons roll
On past the town of Kilgore and on to old Longview. With their warm suits of clothes and overcoats they walk into a store
They pay the man for some meat and stuff to fix a stew once more
The ties they walk back past the yards till they come to the same old spot
Where East Texas Red just a year ago had dumped their last stew pot. The smoke of their fire went higher and higher a man come down the line
He ducked his head in the blizzardy wind and waved old number nine
He walked off down the cinder dump till he come to the same old spot
And there was the same three men again around that same little pot. Red went to his knees and he hollered,
Please don't pull that trigger on me.
I did not get my business fixed but he did not get his say
A gun wheeled out of an overcoat and it played the old one two
And Red was dead when the other two men set down to eat their stew. There's a great and a bloody fight 'round this whole world tonight
And the battle, the bombs and shrapnel reign
Hitler told the world around he would tear our union down
But our union's gonna break them slavery chains Our union's gonna break them slavery chains
I walked up on a mountain in the middle of the sky
Could see every farm and every town
I could see all the people in this whole wide world That's the union that'll tear old Hitler down
That's the union that'll tear the fascists down
When I think of the men and the ships going down
While the Russians fight on across the dawn There's London in ruins and Paris in chains
Good people, what are we waiting on?
Good people, what are we waiting on?
Yes, I thank the Soviets and the mighty Chinese vets Allies the whole wide world around
To the battling British, thanks, you can have ten million Yanks
If it takes 'em to tear the fascists down, down, down
If it takes 'em to tear the fascists down But when I think of the ships and the men going down
While the Russians fight on across the dawn
There's London in ruins and Paris in chains
Good people, what are we waiting on?
Good people, what are we waiting on? So I thank the Soviets and the mighty Chinese vets
Allies the whole wide world around
To the battling British, thanks, you can have ten million Yanks
If it takes 'em to tear the fascists down, down, down
If it takes 'em to tear the fascists down Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Take me riding in the car, car
Take me riding in the car, car
Take you riding in the car, car
I'll take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Click clack, open up the door, girls
Click clack, open up the door, boys
Front door, back door, clickety clack
Take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Climb, climb, rattle on the front seat
Spree I spraddle on the backseat
Turn my key, step on my starter
Take you riding in my car Engine it goes brm brm brrrm
Engine it goes brm brm brrrm
Front seat, backseat, boys and girls
Take you riding in my car Trees and the houses walk along
Trees and the houses walk along
Truck and a car and a garbage can
I'll take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Ships and the little boars chug along
Ships and the little boats chug along
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm
Take you riding in my car I'm a gonna zoom you home again
I'm a gonna zoom you home again
Brrrm brm brm brm brm rolling home
Take you riding in my car I'm a gonna let You blow the horn
I'm a gonna let you blow the horn
A oorah, a oorah, a oogah, oogah
I'll take you riding in my car Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brm, brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm b' brrrm
Brrrm brm brm brm brm brm brrrm My peace my peace is all I've got that I can give to you
My peace is all I ever had that's all I ever knew
I give my peace to green and black and red and white and blue
My peace my peace is all I've got that I can give to you My peace, my peace is all I've got and all I've ever known
My peace is worth a thousand times more than anything I own
I pass my peace around and about 'cross hands of every hue;
I guess my peace is justa 'bout all I've got to give to you  Well, a curly-headed girl with a bright shining smile
Heard the roar of a plane as it sailed through the sky
To her playmates she said, with a bright twinkling eye
My Daddy flies that ship in the sky My Daddy flies that ship in the sky
My Daddy flies that ship in the sky
My Mama's not afraid and neither am I
'Cause my Daddy flies that ship in the sky Then a button-nosed kid, as he kicked up his heels
He said, My Daddy works in the iron and the steel
My Dad builds the planes and they fly through the sky
And that's what keeps your daddy up there so high That's what keeps your daddy up there so high
That's what keeps your daddy up there so high
My Dad builds the planes and they fly through the sky
And that's what keeps your daddy up there so high Then a freckle-faced kid pinched his toe in the sand
He says, My Daddy works at that place where they land
You tell your mama, don't be afraid
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again
Don't be afraid when it gets dark and rains
My Dad'll bring your daddy back home again  Mother dear come bathe my forehead
For I'm growing very weak
Mother let one drop of water
Fall upon my burning cheek I'm going away to leave you, Mother darling
And remember what I say
Do this, won't you please, dear Mother
Put my little shoes away Santa Claus, he brought them to me
With a lot of other things
I believe he brought an angel
With a pair of golden wings Tell my loving little playmates
That I nevermore will play
Give them all my toys, but Mother
Put my little shoes away Mister Charlie Lindbergh, he flew to old Berlin
Got 'im a big Iron Cross, and he flew right back again
To Washington, Washington Misses Charlie Lindbergh, she come dressed in red
Said: "I'd like to sleep in that pretty White House bed
In Washington, Washington" Lindy said to Annie: "We'll get there by and by
But we'll have to split the bed up with Wheeler, Clark, and Nye
In Washington, Washington" Hitler wrote to Lindy, said "Do your very worst"
Lindy started an outfit that he called America First
In Washington, Washington All around the country, Lindbergh, he did fly
Gasoline was paid for by Hoover, Clark, and Nye
In Washington, Washington Lindy said to Hoover: "We'll do the same as France
Make a deal with Hitler, and then we'll get our chance
In Washington, Washington" Then they had a meetin', and all the Firsters com
Come on a-walkin', they come on a-runnin'
In Washington, Washington Yonder comes Father Coughlin, wearin' the silver chain
Cash on his stomach and Hitler on the brain
In Washington, Washington Mister John L. Lewis would sit and straddle a fence
His daughter signed with Lindbergh, and we ain't seen her since
In Washington, Washington Hitler said to Lindy: "Stall 'em all you can
Gonna bomb Pearl Harbor with the help of old Japan"
In Washington, Washington Then on a December mornin', the bombs come from Japan
Wake Island and Pearl Harbor, kill fifteen hundred men
In Washington, Washington Now Lindy tried to join the army, but they wouldn't let 'im in
'Fraid he'd sell to Hitler a few more million men
In Washington, Washington So I'm a gonna tell you people: If Hitler's gonna be beat
The common workin' people has got to take the seat
In Washington, Washington And I'm gonna tell you workers, 'fore you cash in your checks
They say "America First," but they mean "America Next!"
In Washington, Washington    