Longtime reader and listener but first time advice-seeker. 
I am a 36-year-old gay man in a wonderful monogamish relationship with my partner of seven years. We are sexually compatible in most ways, but he has a taste for kinkier, rougher play that I am usually happy to outsource to any number of wonderful play partners he has had over the years.
Recently we decided to invite a guest star that is a friend of his from the local gay kink community—they were two tops in search of a bottom. I was in a playful mood that day and ended up volunteering for the job. It was great. My partner was visibly excited to see me into the kind of scene he often enjoys and was egged on by our guest star—it helped that in the role play he got possessive and ruled that my face was off limits to anyone other than him... and he proceeded to slap me around. I loved every minute of it... until the next day. Thankfully it was a weekend and I could stay in the house to hide my bruised cheek, busted lip, and black and blue neck. I looked crazy. Being less the rough and tumble gay used to this predicament—I'm more the spa and facial type—I thought the weekend would do it. It didn't. So I attempted to cover up the bruises with some makeup. My skills with coverup and makeup weren't good enough. I looked like a victim of domestic violence trying to hide the bruises.
I went to work on Monday hoping that no one would notice. Now, I am not the most fabulous of my gay brethren, but no one would call me butch. There is no way anyone would be imagining a scenario with my 145 pound frame in a bar fight or getting injured doing something athletic.
I cringed at every look I got that day. I should also mention that I am the most junior partner in a medical practice where the practice culture skews towards the conservative. Outside office activities skew towards the God and country club variety. While not overtly homophobic, I have never been comfortable shining a spotlight on my sexuality or relationship. However, everyone at my office knows my partner. Now I worry they think he's a brute who beats his waifish Asian mail-order gayshaboy. Which bothers me on so many levels.
What do I do about the work situation? What do I say?
Hot And Bothered In All The Wrong Ways
