Originally Posted on December 26, 2012.
I just started an intense relationship with a guy who has a boyfriend. This guy and I love each other. However, he is uncomfortable with me meeting his boyfriend. I've asked if it's okay that we're fucking, and he said they're in an open relationship so it's okay. I asked if it's okay that we're in love, and he said yes. So why the secrecy? My lover's only explanation is that his boyfriend doesn't want to know about the guys he fucks around with. The whole situation is starting to make me uneasy. I can't figure out why I want to know more about his boyfriend. Is it so I can verify that he's not cheating, or that jealousy is an issue for them and that's why I can't meet him? I do know that I wish my lover would be more open with me. Should I just relax?
The Other Person
My response after the jump...
Monogamous couples have one rule about fucking other people—"don't fuck other people"—but nonmonogamous couples have all sorts of different rules, TOP, and sometimes a particular couple's particular rules make it hard for a third to verify that the partnered person he's sleeping with is, in fact, in an honest and healthy open relationship.
That said, most couples with a "don't want to know about the other people you're fucking" rule—and that's a pretty common rule—also have a rule against getting emotionally involved with the other people they're fucking. So if it's against the rules for the guy you're seeing to introduce his boy-on-the-side to his boyfriend, TOP, odds are good that swapping "I love yous" with his boy-on-the-side is against the rules, too.
Someone is being lied to here. Either this guy is lying to you about being in an open relationship or he's lying to his boyfriend about not getting emotionally involved with the other guys he fucks. Whichever it is, TOP, I don't see a future for you with this guy—or much of a future for him and his boyfriend, frankly.
But to answer your question: No, TOP, don't relax. DTMFA.
