I'm a 22-year-old bisexual female. I have had a flirty relationship with a close family friend for awhile now. He is 24. The closest we have ever come to fucking was on a family vacation a few years back, but I didn't go through with it because of the guilt of my conservative Christian upbringing. I'm no longer a Christian and have gotten past all the bullshit I was taught. Now I really want to fuck this guy but he is in a relationship—an on-again, off-again monogamous one. I realize there are many guys to choose from and that I should probably move on, but this is one of the few guys that really does it for me. (I probably lean more towards the homoflexible side of things and don't find many men attractive.)
I'm not looking to get him to cheat (assuming he is still interested, which he may not be), so my question is this: Would it be inappropriate to mention to him, while he is still in a relationship, that I would enjoy an FWB relationship with him if he found himself single? I would usually wait until he actually was "off-again" but by the time I hear that he's broken up with his girlfriend he could be back together with her again or with someone new. I think he would be up for it and I don't think the offer would make things weird between us even if he passed on it. Should I treat it like your advice in asking for threesomes where you go in open for rejection or should I just not do make the offer?
Wants To Fuck Taken Friend
Saying "I would so totally fuck the shit out of you if you were single," or some variation on that theme ("I would so thoroughly enjoy an FWB arrangement if you should find yourself single again..."), seems like dick move. But anyone who would end the relationship they're in after hearing something like that—a guy who would dump his girlfriend for some NSA sex with an old family friend—isn't in any sense committed to their person they're with now.
If your old friend's commitment to his girlfriend is so flimsy that he would dump her for NSA/FWB sex with you, WTFTF, he would be doing his girlfriend a favor by dumping her. And you would be doing her a bank-shot favor.
Make the offer.
