Originally posted on February 12, 2014.
I am an 18-year-old pansexual girl. I'm currently in a relationship with a guy. He is a bit younger, though mature for his age. We get along great, our friends like us together, yada yada. He wants to do the waiting until marriage thing for religious reasons, which I mostly agree with. We met in youth group, after all. Here is the kink. I lost the big V a year ago. He knows, isn't happy about it, but is willing to date me anyway.
What hasn't come up is the subject of porn and masturbation. He doesn't do either (or won't fess up to them) and doesn't approve. I, however, do both. Especially since my breakup (and thus no more sex) last year, I've come to rely on masturbating to take care of my sexual needs. The porn I am willing to forgo, but I don't want to give up pleasuring myself. This guy knows nothing. He has talked about how we ought to "keep ourselves pure." (My thoughts on purity: I've already screwed that up!) Is there any good way to communicate to him that I'm not going to give up masturbating without him going crazy? It took long enough just to show him I wasn't the spawn of Satan because I like girls as much as I like guys. Should I go along with his standards and try giving up masturbation? Or should I not tell him anything about what I do in the privacy of my own bedroom?
Mismatched On Sex
My response after the jump...
Your boyfriend is essentially forcing you to pick between him or masturbation, and the choice is obvious: Masturbation is a pleasurable friend that doesn't judge you or shame you, and your boyfriend is an unpleasant, sex-negative, controlling, judgmental scold.
DTMFA.
Then after you've enjoyed a few dozen celebratory guilt-free orgasms, MOS, ask yourself why you wasted even two minutes of your precious pansexual time on a guy like him, i.e., someone with whom you're clearly not sexually compatible. You're pansexual! Somewhat sexually experienced! You masturbate! You enjoy porn! I could understand you dating a guy who was a virgin and wanted to remain sexually inactive for now—for religious reasons or otherwise—but dating someone you had to talk out of seeing you as the spawn of Satan? Dating someone you have to lie to about something as common and healthy as masturbation? Not worth it, MOS, not in the short run, not in the long run. You want to be with someone who likes you and wants to be with you, and this boy doesn't like you. Why on earth do you like him?
Finally: I hope that parenthetical in your second paragraph was meant sarcastically. But just in case: Being sexually active does not make you "impure." I think you know that, MOS, but I want you to get out of this relationship while you still believe it.
