Remember this guy from earlier this morning?

I wrote him back. Our long email exchange... after the jump.
You are a disgusting piece of shit! I am and forever conservative who believes in GOD! I am against all you fucking faggots and I will continue to destroy everything you try to create. I will fight you and your fag agenda forever! Come down my street you fudge packing coward. You won't because you are scared, you are a spineless, sick, repugnant and disgusting piece of shit. You will NOT win, you and all the other fags & dikes will lose and you will lose in a huge way. Eternity in hell will be a wonderful place for you!—Zack
It’s spelled “dykes,” Zack, not “dikes."—Dan
Hahahaha, either way, it's still disgusting!!!! The reason for this email is that you trying to shove your evil agenda down everyone's throat is what pisses me off. I and others like me aren't going around shoving our Christian conservatism down your throat! Why is  it that you living in your own sin not good enough? Why do you think you have to poison everyone else you can? You do realize you are an evil and vile person don't you?—Zack
When you tell me I can’t marry because it violates your alleged god’s supposed concept of marriage, that’s you shoving your Christian conservatism down my throat.
I have no problem with you living out your faith—but you can’t require me to live out your faith as well, or curtail my civil rights because your god supposedly said this or that about me and mine. Gay people getting legally married doesn’t impact you in the slightest. Christian conservatives preventing gay people from marrying impacts us greatly.
Here's an idea: You do your thing, I do mine.—Dan
Hahahaha, Are you mental? Sadly enough, No one has been successful in stopping you from living your disgusting lifestyle. If I have anything to do with it, I will do everything in my power to put you abnormal freaks back in the closet where you belong! Marriage has been defined between a man and a woman since the beginning of time whether you believe it or not. You are the deviants who chose to ignore that. My God is the ONLY God whether you chose to believe it not. However, you will answer one day, you will be held accountable one day. So you keep on living your atheist and faggot lifestyle. The fire in hell will be awfully hot for eternity. 
Yes, you disgusting fags getting married affects every person, I should not have to explain to my children why to dick suckers are holding hands in a public place. Since this has happened a few times to me and my kids, I simply explain it to them exactly the way it is. I tell them that those idiots are deviates from mankind that have a mental disorder and will burn in hell for an eternity for what the are willfully doing. I simply explain and always will explain to them that you people are disgusting and chose to live in your sin. I DO NOT promote hatred but I do tell them the truth and explain to them the consequences of what you people will face on judgement day! It's simple, thanks to me, they understand you freaks are abnormal and not of God. They also understand to stay away from and know you idiots for what you truly are. 
Come judgment day my sick and twisted friend, YOU WILL ANSWER FOR YOUR SINS! Like you, I too will have plenty to answer for but I assure you it won't be for destroying "marriage" and God's name in the manner that you have/are!
You need help and a BIBLE!!!! 
There's no need for you to reply. Trying to help you understand what you are doing is the same as talking to a crackhead/drunk.—Zack
You know... fags were holding hands in public places long before we could legally marry. And marriage has, for most of human history, been a polygamous institution: one man and as many women as he could marry, purchase, or rape. (Forcing a virgin to marry her rapist—just another totally biblical marriage.) We’ve redefined marriage before—straight people have before, many times—and we can (and just have) redefined it again. And remember what Chris Rock said about hating on gay people…

“You don’t like gays, you gonna have a gay son.”
I hope, for you kids’ sake, that none of your kids are gay.—Dan
P.S. I have a bible! Lots of them! I was raised by a preacher—a homophobic one (at the time; my dad is over it now)—and look how i turned out. It's like Chris Rock said: Don't like gays, gonna have a gay son. Don't want your kids to be gay? Don't hate gays.
Yeah, look how you turned out. Hahaha! I'd say you didn't listen to your preacher very well or you just love sticking your dick where another man takes a shit. Either way, your a sick freak! You have not redefined anything, crazy man!!! You do not have the authority to redefine what God has setforth!
And btw, my son has no use for fags. He finds them to be disgusting sick freaks just like I have taught him.  You have no credibility if you live your life on quotes from that loser Chris Rock, hahaha!—Zack
But what if… I don’t believe in your god?
And you do know that more straight people have anal sex than gay people do? In real numbers, not percentages. But there are more straight butt fuckers out there than gay ones. Are you concerned about men sticking their dicks where women take shits? Or just dudes doing that?
And it’s “You’re a sick freak,” not “your a sick freak.” And you know what? I pretended to have no use for fags when I was a kid too, Zack, because I didn't want my dad to think I was gay. Just saying.—Dan
You don't believe in God?  Well, you will pay the price one day with an eternity in hell. That's about as simple as I can explain it. If you knew so much about the bible you would already know this. Being a fag is a sin. Deviate asexual activity between a man and a woman is not going to send a person to hell like being a fag will.—Zack
So anal sex is okay with God if it’s traditional anal sex? Opposite-sex anal is godly anal?—Dan
Show me one scripture in the Bible that God said as long as a man and a woman are married they cannot have anal sex? God CLEARLY said man/man, woman/woman who engages in sex shall be put to death! There is NO debate on this. If you can read and comprehend you can see what God said about this issue! I DO NOT agree with anal sex from any standpoint, it is unhealthy, sick and serves NO purpose for anything! It is nothing more than evil and deviate. People who have dignity, self respect, character and believe in God DO NOT do these kinds of things in the first place! 
You cannot make any valid point on this subject with me. Show me in the Bible where God said being a fag is ok and I'll change my mind!—Zack
Your gonad-obsessed god condemns the spilling of seed. That’s why sodomy laws banned not just man-in-man sodomy, but man-in-woman sodomy as well. And you know what? I can show you in the bible where God said owning slaves was okay… and another part where the bible talks about how unicorns exist. And witches. So, hey, maybe the authors of the bible didn’t get everything right?
I’m willing to concede that the bible is anti-gay. (Some folks are unwilling to concede that point.) But whether the bible is pro-gay, anti-gay, or neutral-on-the-gay is completely irrelevant, Zack, because we don’t live in a fucking theocracy. You can refrain from sucking cocks if you think your god doesn’t approve—but I hope you fuck women because you’re actually attracted to them, Zack, not just because god told you not to suck dicks—but I don’t have to refrain from fucking men because your god, who I do not believe in and am not required to obey, doesn’t want me sucking dicks.—Dan
You poor pitiful soul. You are as lost as of a human being as i have ever heard of. You need to repent, pray and ask God to forgive you. Otherwise,  you are a doomed soul. Goodbye.—Zack
Bye! It was nice talking to you—but I gotta go fuck my husband’s butt now. You know... every time I think I'm finally done packing his fudge, he calls and tells me there’s more that needs packing. Being a faggot is hard work, man. You're lucky your God says you can't join us.—Dan
You truly have a mental disorder aside from being a fag and atheist. It a shame that you have no desire to save your soul because of you overwhelming amount of selfishness. What a shame!—Zack
Perhaps I’ve adopted the right attitude and managed to convert a negative stress (the slim chance that a God exists, that it’s the God you happen to worship, that he actually does obsess about our genitals, and that this hell place exists, etc.) into a positive one (my enjoyment of my husband’s rear end)?—Dan
Hahaha, like i said. You have a mental disorder.—Zack
These days I like to describe my mental state—and my marriage, and my sexuality—with a phrase lifted from Anthony Kennedy's majority decision in Obergefell v. Hodges: It is so ordered.—Dan
