I'm a woman in my mid-twenties married to a man in his mid-forties. We've been together for over seven years. Our relationship is monogamous. We have sex often enough in my opinion, but not enough in his. My problem is this: I've just began realizing how attractive I actually am and I'm finding myself not being sexually attracted to him more and more.
It's not that I don't want to have sex, I just don't want to have sex with HIM. We have a good marriage, and I like my life with him in all other ways. He's way more open and diverse sexually about what he likes and what he wants to do, where as I'm closed mouthed about this stuff. But he is a territorial man who gets jealous easily, so I'm not sure if he'd be open to the idea of me going out specifically to fuck other dudes. I don't want a three way or any kind of relationship with the guys I'd seek out, just a hot, sloppy, sexy man on sexy woman fuck sesh. I don't want to hurt his feelings but I'm tired of having sex with his old, flabby, achey body.
What do I do?
Anonymous
Divorce.
I am a 31-year-old married lesbian of two years. My wife is wonderful in many ways and I love her. My dilemma is this: We have little to no sex life. Let me fill you in. We met online, my profile was very detailed (I have Aspergers), and it mentioned my needs in the bedroom twice. We met, hit it off, our sex life was okay, but after our wedding it completely died. My wife has blamed it on many things but plain and simple, she simply does not like sex—or she's afraid of it. I don't know because she refuses to talk to me about it. If we do have sex, she won't be touched at all and won't use toys or go down on me. I am not sure if it's because of past trauma or what, but I can't find a solution. Depression may be a factor, but that doesn't explain the sex we had before marrying. She won't go to counseling. I am upset because I feel I do so much to make sure she has what she needs and is happy. Being the main provider and taking care of most of the responsibilities can be a little daunting, and no sexual relief of any kind it harder.  
I am beyond frustrated at this point and have no clue what to do. She won't talk to me if I try to bring it up and I am not even allowed to masturbate. I have never cheated in my life but it has crossed my mind. I just want sex, and feel horrible about it. What do you suggest? 
Can't Use Masterbation
Divorce.
