This is a short plea for advice. I'm a 30-year-old straight female. I recently started dating a man who, due to a recent surgical procedure, cannot currently engage in intercourse. I am very smitten with him, and open to engaging in sex by other means, but I am not sure how to suggest this to him. We've been making-out a lot, and he is definitely into me, and I would love to give him a blow job, but I don't know him that well so I'm not sure how to mention this without sounding like a weirdo. I know I'm probably overthinking the situation, but my ex was not very sex-positive, and acted like I was super deviant for enjoying sucking dick. Long story short, I guess I'm afraid of saying something that might cause my new beau to think I'm too kinky? Any guidance you could offer would be very much appreciated.
Hesitancy Understandable Given Ex's Reaction
Before you inhale your new beau's dick—or suggest inhaling his dick—check to make sure this surgical procedure that for now prevents him from engaging in intercourse doesn't also preclude blowjobs. If your new beau can guarantee you, a la Donald Trump, that there’s no problem down there, HUNGER, then you can make your move.
A move you will make with your words, HUNGER. You're going to open mouth and words are gonna fall out before dick falls in.
And this is not going to be a difficult conversation to have, HUNGER. No man wants to act like his current GF's shitty ex-boyfriend, HUNGER, and most men like blowjobs. So open with something along the lines of, "My ex was a sex-shaming asshole who made me feel bad about something I really liked to do in bed. I hope you're not like my ex. I hope I can be open with you about my desires and that you won't make me feel bad about them." Your current beau will insist he's nothing like your ex, he'll assure you that you can be open with him, and he'll promise not to shame you—and then he'll have to live up to those promises.
And since you're talking about wanting to suck his cock here, HUNGER, and not wanting to shit in his muesli or tear out his toenails, he'll most likely jump at the chance to live up to those promises. Because, again, most men like blowjobs and the women who give them. The odds are definitely in your favor.
