I am married and have a simple question: Is phone sex and webcam sex considered cheating on my spouse or is it not because the other person is not actually physically present? 
Genuinely Uneasy Inside Loving Tramp
I personally wouldn't consider it cheating... but I'm not your personal spouse, GUILT, so my personal feelings about phone and/or webcam sex won't help you if and/or when you get caught. My general rule of thumb: If you're afraid to ask your spouse if they consider X cheating, then you already know your spouse considers X cheating.
You can take the easier-to-ask-for-forgiveness-than-permission dodge if you like, GUILT, just be careful to erase that browser history and don't tell your furious spouse that I said this wasn't cheating. Because that's not what I said.
Bonus letter after the hump...
I'm not writing about a problem, but just about something nice that happened.
I've enjoyed listening to your podcast for years now, and although we don't see eye to eye on every single thing, your advice is very sensible and you treat your callers with a gentleness that comes over much better via voice than in print. Also, it's very entertaining and I like your political ranting.
I'm a straight lady in my 30s who's really into penetrative sex involving a hard dick (mouth, butt, vag, all good). I'm also one of those ladies who's extremely difficult to get off so I always do it myself after he finishes. This is great and my partners help but I'm the only one who can do the specific way of stimulating my clit that gets me off. I have no problems with this; I don't like fucking when I've recently come, so doing it at the end is the best. It's like eating dessert at the end of a great meal. 
But recently, I was with a man friend and his erection just wasn't doing its erection thing. I was a bit bummed, but didn't want to put pressure on him so kept it light. And then I remembered you saying that there's more to sex than a hard cock and if his dick isn't working, put his face in your twat. I don't hate cunnilingus, but it's never done all that much for me. Still, I care about this guy and I wanted to give him something to do so I asked him to. HE GOT ME OFF. I did not think that it was even possible. It would probably be hard to replicate. I think he was trying really hard due to the lack of boner and also there was no pressure since I had no expectations. Fucking his dick didn't happen, but I didn't care because holy shit. Now I know that it's possible. 
So thanks for the new experience, Dan. I feel like a new world has opened up.
Good Things Come To Those Who Improvise
Thanks for sharing, GTCTTWI, and congrats!
