Your advice to PGMN in this week's Savage Love reminded me of my own situation, but my point-of-view is similar to the husband's—with some key differences. Instead of being years old, my girlfriend and I have only been together for six months. Things started out great but we moved too quickly. 
I'm in my early thirties and, despite sometimes crippling anxiety and a non-traditional "career", I have my shit together and have always prided myself on my independence. She's a bit younger and still in college and had been living in the dorms until this summer. Instead of moving back home (eight hours away), we agreed that she would stay with me between semesters as kind of a test run to see if we could live together. When I told her recently that this wasn't working for me and she should move back into the dorm, she informed me that the deadline for that had already passed. Now she is looking for an apartment but she doesn't make enough to afford one on her own.
I feel like she has taken advantage of me (she pays no rent, but does help, a little, with chores) and that she has become co-dependent on me (a huge turn-off). As a result, I've grown emotionally distant and taken to long walks playing Pokemon Go to get out of the house and away from her. Likewise, my anxiety is as bad as it has ever been and I'm drinking more than I ever have (which still isn't a lot, but is worrisome since I come from a family of alcoholics). It's true I don't want to break her heart, but even more than that, I don't want to fuck up her future by kicking her out (which would mean she would likely have to drop out of school and move back home), but I feel like continuing to help her is harming me. I don't know that I even want to break up, but I definitely need a break and some time to myself to level out. I'm trying to honor the campsite rule, but I am at my wit's end and just don't know what to do.
Pokemon Is Keeping Away Crying Hurt Undergrad
So... your mooch-in girlfriend—sorry, your live-in girlfriend—didn't let you know about the deadline for moving back into the dorms until after it had passed.
How convenient.
And forgive me, PIKACHU, but how do you know she can't afford to find a place of her own? Presumably because the same person (that would be her) who misled you about moving back into the dorms is now telling you she can't afford to go to college and pay rent too. So you have that from a highly unreliable source. And while I'm on a suspicious tear: Have you personally called the university to see if the deadline for moving into the dorms has really has come and gone? If not, you should. And while you have the university on the phone, PIKACHU, ask if there's a late-admissions process for students who need to get their asses into a dorm room ASAP.
You're being taken advantage of, PIKACHU. She's been living with you rent-free for months and somehow she's broker than she was back when she paid to live in the dorms? Yeah, no. It's time to start prioritizing your mental and physical health over the needs of someone who sounds to me like manipulative POS—a judgment I'm making with the limited info I have on hand. But good person in a fix or bad person playing you, PIKACHU, either way she has to go. Pick a date three weeks from now and tell she has to be out by then.
If her family can't help her with the rent, PIKACHU, she can take out a student loan—but I bet you anything she suddenly finds a room she can afford somewhere once she has no choice.
