I hope you are well. I'm at 27-year-old straight woman, looking to open a sex-positive shop in a fairly large city. There's nothing like it so far, and I know there's a need for one. I use to teach sexual health in high schools many years ago, but all of the funding for sexed was cut and unfortunately I lost my job. Since then I've been trying to find the perfect way to continue work in the field, and contribute in a positive way. Any tips on opening your own sex-positive shop? A Shop Of My Own
I passed your letter along to some super smart, super helpful folks who've opened, who own, or who help to run sex-positive shops all over the country, ASOMO.
Evy Cowan and Jeneen Doumitt, co-founders and co-owners of Portland's SheBop:
Evaluate your focus, while education is a large part of what we do as a sex positive business, it is still ultimately a business and you need the skills to manage and run that business. The first thing you need to do is write a business plan. Your business plan is essential to keep you focused on your mission and goals. As a sex related business, you will most likely experience discrimination from banks, landlords, and other people and organizations you may not expect. Even as a sex positive shop, finding a brick and mortar location can be more challenging than you think and location can make or break any business.
Jennifer Pritchett, owner and founder of Minneapolis's Smitten Kitten:
1. I was 25 when I opened Smitten Kitten! You can do this! But you'll need help. Line up a business advisory team that includes a lawyer who specializes in helping entrepreneurs and an equally small-business oriented Accountant. I didn't have this—rookie mistake!
2. Funding your start up will be extra challenging and typical ways of raising capital (bank Loans and, more recently, crowd-funding) won't be available to you due to the perceived risk of adult retail business. Don't fret though, you can get this off the ground with as little as $35,000.
3. Open in a neighborhood that you are intimately familiar with and know your municipal zoning laws better than the people who wrote them!
4.  When in doubt, reach out for help! Smitten Kitten's mission to make ethical, safe and top quality adult retail and sex education accessible to everyone INCLUDES helping new entrepreneurs like you!
