Here's my dilemma I need your help with: I started dating my girlfriend back in January 2016, things were going wonderfully until this weekend. She owns her house and rents out rooms to three individuals. One of her tenants is a past boyfriend. I've know about this all along and didn't have any issues with their living arrangements. On Friday night, her ex was home and was super drunk when I arrived at her place. He said he wanted to show me something in his room and we went down to his room and he pulled a knife on me and asked me a bunch of questions about my current girlfriend, aka his ex and current landlord.
After I got out of his room I immediately went upstairs and told my girlfriend what had just happened, and I told her I wasn't comfortable staying at her place for the weekend, and that I was going to go home and she could come stay at my place if she didn't feel safe in her own home. We both left for my place and stayed there until Sunday. 
On Sunday she sent him a text message, saying that he has thirty days to move out. He said he was sorry for being so drunk and claimed he didn't remember anything about that night and asked for a second chance. She stood her ground and told him that he had to move out.
Now it's Monday, and I talked with my girlfriend today and she told me that she had a long conversation with him and now is going to give him a second chance. I told her I don't feel safe around him sober or not and I never want to see him again, additionally I will never go over to her house if he is still living there. No physical harm was done to me but it was a traumatic situation and there's emotional pain.
Now I feel betrayed by both of them and this is where I need your help. I love this girl, but now I'm apprehensive about continuing a relationship with her. 
Know Not If Forgiveness Endangers
This is an easy one.
Your girlfriend—a woman you've only been dating for eight months—is prioritizing her violent-when-drunk ex-boyfriend's housing needs over your physical and emotional safety. So, yeah, you're right to feel apprehensive. And while you say you love this girl, KNIFE, and love is lovely, and I love love, I would argue that you didn't really know this girl until today. And I would encourage you to to reevaluate your feelings about her light of this new information: your girlfriend lives with an ex who's obviously still hung up on her and who can't be trusted not to murder you in your sleep.
Liz Lemon has a catchphrase for that:

For the record: Liz Lemon is wrong about bisexuality and bisexual erasure is not okay and Tina Fey should be ashamed of herself for thinking that was funny and bisexuals absolutely do have a sense of humor and I never really liked 30 Rock and one of the above is a lie. (Spoiler: the last one is a lie.)
As for you, KNIFE: DTMFA.
