I have a kink f-buddy who I get together with to act out "kidnap" role play scenarios. A typical scenario is that we arrange for me to be walking down some deserted road or alley and he drives up in his leather cop outfit and arrests me or offers me a ride or something, only to overpower me, cuff me, and take me back to his dungeon for an interrogation. That’s all fine and good and we have a great time together. For a change of pace, my buddy has suggested that he actually knock me out.
He found a chemistry site that sells chloroform, and says he’d like to perform a scenario where he lures me to his SUV, then gets behind me and shoves a rag into my face, knocking me out and then tying me up and taking me away. I won’t try to deny that the idea of it doesn’t totally turn me on. I fantasized about it more than a few times, but I never actually thought I would get the chance to do it. Now, I’m not an idiot—I can’t imagine it is as easy and quick as it looked like when I watched “the Dukes of Hazzard” (Shut up! I was only 8!), but I am also slightly concerned about the safety of it. All the ‘torture’ stuff we do in my buddy’s basement I trust him to stay in control with. This however gives me some slight pause (but still also turns me on.) How safe (or dangerous) might it be, and does it even really work? If you could shed some light upon the topic I’d appreciate it.
Kept In Dungeon Nightly And Punished
I'm on vacation*, KIDNAP, and I'm trying to take it easy this week. So instead of lining up some docs for you—which would be difficult** from this time zone—I fired up the Google instead.
Take it away, Toxipedia: 
Chloroform was discovered in 1831 and was a widely used anesthetic first employed by James Young Simpson, a professor of midwifery at Edinburgh University and doctor to Queen Victoria (#Baskerville, 1911). He used it first on himself on November 4, 1847, but it soon became clear that there were very serious side effects associated with its use, and it caused death in a number of instances (#Wawersik, 1998 and #Duffy, 2007).... Chronic exposure to chloroform is associated with effects on the liver, kidney, and central nervous system. There is little evidence that chloroform has negative effects on the reproductive system. The International Agency for Research on Cancer has listed chloroform as a possible carcinogen.
Knocking someone out with chloroform isn't as easy and quick as they made it look on Dukes of Hazard and Batman and The Hardy Boys and Charlie's Angels and Wonder Woman and all the other classic kink-inducing television programs. So you're gonna have to just say no to the chloroform your kinky buddy found on the Internet. This fantasy is best explored through role play, KIDNAP, and pretending to be knocked out isn't that hard. That's how they did it on Dukes of Hazard, Batman, The Hardy Boys, et al.
* Jill Stein offered to put me up in a nice villa in the Bavarian Alps if I would leave the country and stay off the Internet while I was gone.
** I thought about calling Jill, because she's a doctor, but I wouldn't trust your health and wellbeing, KIDNAP, to a "doctor" who panders to anti-vaxxers. 
