Originally posted on January 22, 2014. 
Five years ago, my wife and I decided to pursue her MFM threesome fantasy. Part of her fantasy was that the other chap have a BBC (big black cock), so we advertised and met this great guy who we've seen three times a year ever since. He is nice and open-minded, and we've become so comfortable with our BBC that we meet at our home now instead of a hotel. So there are respectful and safe people out there to be found! The issue I'm writing about is a problem with me. After our BBC ejaculates in my wife—everyone is tested and free of STIs—I enjoy going down on her, he enjoys watching me go down on her, and she enjoys having me lick the interloper's come from her pussy. That isn't the problem. The problem arises when our BBC isn't in the picture. We enjoy talking about our dirty threesomes, and we both talk about how hot it will be when I go down on her after I've unloaded in her myself. Unfortunately, once I've made my deposit, I have zero desire to go down on her. It's like someone flips a switch in my brain and something I couldn't wait to do is suddenly repulsive to me. This problem doesn't arise in our threesomes because our BBC always comes before I do. What is my issue? Is there a fix?
Can't Really Eat All My Pecker's Icky Emissions
My response after the jump...
So your regular third with the big cock is nice, open-minded, and STI-free. Sounds great, CREAMPIE, but how can you be certain about the STI-free part when you see him only three times a year? Unless he's abstinent the rest of the year, or unless you test before each of your threesomes, there's some risk here.
You also describe your regular third as "respectful," and that's great. We all deserve respectful sex partners. You do, CREAMPIE, your wife does—and so does your regular third. But referring to your regular third as BBC, or "big black cock," isn't respectful. It's dehumanizing. Now, his big black cock brought you all together, of course, and it's fine to be attracted to others for particular physical attributes. It's also fine to explore racially charged fantasies so long as everyone is up for it and no one feels disrespected or dehumanized. But since this big black cock is attached to a fun and trustworthy guy who you enjoy spending time with (and cleaning up after), maybe you could refer to him as your ABC ("awesome black chum") instead of as your BBC? Just, you know, to show some respect for him as a person. Which is what he is.
Anyway, CREAMPIE, as for your problem: A man's body releases the hormone prolactin when he comes. That particular hormone makes a man sleepy, it makes his boner deflate, and it temporarily renders him indifferent to and/or repulsed by sex. So something that sounded hot right before you came—eating your own come out of the wife's pussy—is going to be much less appealing right after you come.
It's a snatch-22, CREAMPIE, and there's no fix.
