I don't expect a reply, as I'm sure you get a zillion emails a day. But, I figured it's worth a shot.
My wife and I have been together for going on four years now. We started off as an open couple, and gradually became more exclusive as our feelings for each other deepened. Up until relatively recently, the sex was quite amazing. Pretty much anything went (except scat play and super gross stuff), and she gave the best BJ's ever—and I mean that.
My Mrs. has a genetic condition which affects the soft tissue in her body: everything from ligaments and joints, to her skin and digestive track. I believe I do my best to be as supportive as possible, but it's certainly challenging. Our sex life has taken a dive, and we're not nearly as adventurous as we used to be—it's pretty much just vanilla missionary these days, as it's all her body can handle. Her pain has become a major turn-off for me. We don't do any of the stuff we used to. Frequency is also an issue. We used to do it multiple times daily, and now it's less than once a fortnight. Because of these issues, I feel like we've been drifting apart.
It all came to a head the other day.
I found a cache of her old dick-sucking pictures, which I'd seen before, and thought she'd deleted after I asked her to. Why would she need them, right? Needless to say, I was, and still am, very angry, and hurt. Why would she keep them? Reminiscing about better days and better cocks?
I deleted them. That probably wasn't my place—but  on the flip side, I don't give a Tally-ho fuck.
As a result of this discovery, I'm now 100% disinterested in sex. To make matters worse, I feel like I can't even open up about it, as her pain can make her quite irritable, and I'm sick of getting yelled at through no fault of my own. I feel like I can't talk to her about anything anymore, let alone our sex life.
Let me say for the record: I'm not a selfish lover. She always orgasms multiple times if/when we ever have sex. I love cunnilingus, and I love foreplay. Nor am I a neglectful husband. Our roles have been switched for some time—for reasons I won't delve into—and I'm essentially the housewife now. I do all the chores, 100% of the cooking, most of the cleaning, laundry, walking dog, etc., while she works. I think I'm a pretty damned good partner. 
You're probably gonna say this is all my fault anyway. How dare I be such an insensitive prick, etc. And maybe you're right. I just don't know what to do anymore, and I'm sick of feeling this way.
Hopefully you can help.
Not Having Sex
