Introduction
What this Handbook is About
this handbook is about the skills and knowledge required to safely operate a forklift. the handbook is for
either a light forklift with an empty weight of not more than 7.5 tonnes, or a heavy forklift with an empty
weight is of more than 7.5 tonnes. the training course for both types of forklifts is the same. the licence
issued will depend on the forklift used for the licence tests at the completion of the course.
Why Read this Handbook
this handbook tells you about some of the legal requirements for drivers of light and heavy
mechanical equipment (forklift) in dubai, along with important safety information, background
material, technical information and safe operating procedures.
the knowledge test that you must pass to drive a forklift is based on the information in this
handbook. You need to understand it to pass your test.
How to use this Handbook
the table of Contents will show you where to find each section. At the end of each section,
there is a section called test Yourself Questions to help you check if you have understood
important issues.

How You Will Learn
Learning to operate a forklift is like any other complex task. If you break the task into small, manageable pieces and do not try to
learn too many things at once, it is much easier. You will:
develop the knowledge and skill needed to operate forklifts
be shown how to drive and control forklifts safely
practise and correct your driving techniques in an increasingly complex set of conditions, so that you are capable of successfully
undertaking your licence test.
The length of each stage of learning depends on the amount of practice you have had. Be sure you are confident and competent
before moving on to the next stage. Your Instructor will advise you when you are ready to move on.
How fast and how much you learn will depend on you. You should learn by:
reading this handbook carefully
attempting all the questions and activities in the handbook
observing the operations being performed by your Instructor and on your work site
asking questions
practising the new skills included in this handbook
undertaking the assessment tasks on completion of the training.
If there is anything in this handbook you do not understand or do not agree with, do not be afraid to ask your Instructor for
assistance.

Symbols
Graphic symbols are used to guide your learning and identify types of information.
the meaning of each symbol is as follows:
Caution You must follow instructions to avoid damage to products, a process or
surroundings.
Safety You must follow safety procedures or wear protective clothing.
Test Yourself Questions Check that you have understood the information in this section by
answering the questions at the end of each section.

Part 1: Licence to Operate a Forklift
eligibility Criteria
the eligibility criteria for a licence to operate a forklift are set out below:
You may drive a Forklift if you:
are over 20 years of age
have passed an eye test
have undertaken Forklift training until competency is shown and have passed an appropriate
 knowledge test
have passed a practical test
pay the appropriate fees.
if you meet these criteria, you will be issued with either:
a Light Tractor and Mechanical Equipment licence if you have been tested in a forklift with
 an empty weight of not more than 7.5 tonnes, which permits you to operate light mechanical
 equipment only or
a Heavy Tractor and Mechanical Equipment licence if you have been tested in a forklift
 with an empty weight of over 7.5 tonnes, which permits you to operate both light and
 heavy mechanical equipment.
Learning to Operate a Forklift
until you get your forklift licence, you may only drive a forklift if you are under the supervision
of an instructor who holds a valid licence for the type of vehicle you are driving.

Part 2 : Types and Components of Forklifts
types of Forklifts
A forklift is a vehicle similar to a small truck that has two metal forks on the
front used to lift cargo. the forklift operator drives the forklift forward until
the forks push under the cargo, and can then lift the cargo several feet in
the air by operating the forks. the forks, also known as blades or tines,
are usually made out of steel and can lift up to a few tonnes, depending
on the capacity of the forklift and the forks.
Forklifts are used to:
transport loads between areas
stack heavy objects
load and unload vehicles.
there are a wide range of forklifts, including pedestrian
operated and ride on forklifts.
Forklifts vary in size, ranging from one tonne capacity for
general warehouse type work, up to 50 tonne capacity for
shipping container work.

There are two main types of motors used in forklifts:
Internal combustion motors which may be fuelled by petrol, diesel or liquid petroleum gas (LPG). internal combustion powered
forklifts must not be used in confined spaces, as people working in the confined space may be overcome by the fumes.
Battery powered electric motors. Gasoline or propane forklifts are sometimes stronger or faster than electric forklifts, but they
are more difficult to maintain. electric forklifts are great for warehouse use because they do not give off dangerous fumes like gas
powered machines.
Batteries contain sulphuric acid which is very corrosive to human tissue and the surrounding environment.
When you handle a battery you should wear protective clothing, including:
eye protection
gloves
acid resistant boots
face mask
protective apron.
You will need to be careful when lead acid batteries are being recharged because it is possible for a level of
hydrogen to build up that will explode if a spark or naked flame is present.
You should take the following steps to reduce the risk of hydrogen building up and creating an explosion:
only recharge batteries in designated well ventilated recharging areas
make sure there are no flames or sparks around
use the isolation switch to ensure that the forklift circuit is open before disconnecting the battery terminals, so no
 sparking occurs
metal tools or fittings must not come in contact with the terminals, as they may create a spark.

Forklifts are most often used in warehouses, but some are meant to be used outdoors. the
vast majority of rough terrain forklifts operate on gasoline, but some use diesel or natural
gas. Rough terrain forklifts have the highest lifting capacity of all forklifts and have heavy
duty tyres (like those found on trucks), making it possible to drive them on uneven surfaces
outdoors.
Counter Balanced and Non-counter Balanced Forklifts
Forklifts are divided into two types based on how they are able to remain stable when they are loaded.
these types are Counter Balanced and Non Counter Balanced forklifts.
Counter Balanced Forklifts have the weight of the load carried
outside the wheel base and are counter balanced by the weight
of the forklift.
in counter balanced forklifts, the weight of the rear of the truck
counterbalances the weight of the load being carried at the front
of the forklift. the front wheels can act as a pivot point on which
the forklift and load can tip. the greater the weight of the counter
balance of the forklift, then the heavier the load that can be
lifted. Heavier loads can be lifted if the counter balance is further
back in the forklift.
Non-counter balanced forklifts have the load carried inside the wheel base of the forklift. Non counter balanced forklifts
keep their stability by having the wheels mounted on arms that are on either side of the load when it is being picked up
and transported. these are often called straddle lift forklifts.

Components of Forklifts
All forklifts have similar components but these may be located in different places, depending on the type of forklift:
Class 1 forklifts are electric-motor rider trucks, either stand-up operator or seated three-wheel units. Rider units are
counterbalanced and may have cushion or pneumatic wheels.
Class 2 forklifts are electric-motor trucks for narrow aisle or inventory stock/order picking applications. They may have extra reach
or swing-mast functions.
Class 3 forklifts are electric-motor trucks, either walk-behind or standing-rider operated. Automated pallet lift-trucks and high-lift
models are often counterbalanced.
Class 4 forklifts are rider fork trucks, with cabs and seated controls, internal combustion engines, and solid or "cushion" tyres.
Class 4 forklifts are sit-down rider, tow tractor lifts. They are supplied with electric or internal combustion engines.
Class 5 forklifts are rider fork trucks, with cabs and seated controls, internal combustion engines and pneumatic tyres. They are
typically counterbalanced.
Class 6 forklifts are designed for use on rough terrain. Typical applications include agriculture, logging and construction.

these are the key components of a forklift that you will need to know:
A mast
B lift cylinder
C load backrest that prevents the load falling on the operator
D fork carriage
E forks
F tilt cylinder
G overhead cage
H driver seat
I drive wheels and axle
J steering axle and wheels
K counter balance
L warning light.
Make sure you know where these are
located on the type of forklift you will
be operating and how to operate them.

Forklift Controls
the operating panel of forklift trucks provides the operator with the following features:
Inching brake pedal (All terrain models) - this brake pedal is located on the left side of the
steering column and works as a clutch pedal because of the inching valve built in the hydraulic
system. When the pedal is depressed slightly, the engine power is disconnected. When
depressed further, brake begins to operate.
(NOte: do not overuse the inching brake pedal. it may cause automatic transmission oil to
overheat or the clutch to slip if it is used as a footrest or used for a long time.)
Brake Pedal - the lift truck is equipped with a conventional brake pedal as well as an inching
brake pedal. the conventional pedal is located on the floor to the right of the steering column.
Accelerator Pedal - the accelerator pedal is located in a convenient position to the right of the
steering column.
Forward- Reverse Lever - the "Forward -Reverse" Lever is used to make a directional change.
to move forward, push the lever forward. to back up, pull the lever backwards through
NeutRAL.
Gear Shift Lever - the "Gear Shift" lever permits selection of different gear ratios. Pushing
the lever forward places the transmission in 1st speed position. the travel speed should be
selected as required to meet the travel conditions and load. Shift these levers to any desired
position with the clutch pedal depressed all the way.
Lift Lever - used to lift and lower the forks. Push forward to lower, pull backward to lift. the
lifting speed can be adjusted by varying the engine speed and the distance the lever is moved.
The lowering speed can be adjusted only by the distance the lever is moved.
Tilt Lever - used to tilt the mast forward and backward. Push forward to tilt forward, pull
backward to tilt backward.  The forward or backward tilting speed can be adjusted by the
engine speed and the distance that the lever is moved.

Mast and Lifting Mechanism the mast is made of two pieces. the outer
piece is connected to the chassis. A pulley is
used to extend the mast.
When the inner part of the mast moves up or
down, the forks move with double speed in
the same direction.
they are linked with a link
chain to the fixed part of the mast.
the chain
goes up and over the wheels on the extending
part, down to the forks.
the whole lifting
mechanism just needs one motor. With  a
second motor, the mast can be tilted forward
and backwards.
this is used to move the
centre of gravity closer to the machine, when
lifting heavy loads.
Manufacturer's
data Plate
You will need to know how to locate the
manufacturer's data plate on a forklift to find
out what the load capacity for your forklift is
and other operating limits.

types and use of different tyres
Forklifts intended for different uses need special kinds of tyres. the most common
types of forklift tyres are pneumatic, solid and polyurethane.
Forklift tyres are usually either press-on or standard. Press-on tyres are easier to
put on the forklift, but they may not stand up to some of the more difficult outdoor
terrain as well as standard tyres. Standard tyres are put on the wheel in the same
way as car tyres. Press-on tyres are usually made for electric forklifts or other
forklifts designed for primarily indoor use.
Pneumatic forklift tyres are very similar to heavy-duty truck tyres. they are filled
with air, have a thick, deep tread, and are made of strong rubber that resists
wearing down. Pneumatic tyres extend the operating life of the forklift by providing
an air cushion between the forklift and the terrain. Most rough terrain forklifts use
pneumatic tyres due to their rugged durability and long lifespan.
Solid rubber tyres are an alternative to pneumatic tyres. they are the same, except
that they are solid rather than filled with air. they will not pop or go flat like
pneumatic tyres, but they do not provide an air cushion either. they are very long
lasting, but they do not extend the life of the forklift like pneumatic tyres. Solid
forklift tyres are great for indoor use or light outdoor use. they are not recommended
for long-term rough terrain use.
Polyurethane forklift tyres are usually used on indoor forklifts. they are usually
pressed on to the wheel, which is the easiest way to apply a tyre. Polyurethane
forklift tyres are great for indoor use, because they provide the right amount of
traction and have a low rolling resistance that prolongs their lifespan. Polyurethane
forklift tyres are perfect for use on electric forklifts.

Rear Wheel Steering
Forklifts have rear wheel steering for greater manoeuvrability, which can
confuse the inexperienced operator.
When travelling forward on a forklift and turning the steering wheel, the speed
of the rear end swing will be three times the forward speed of the forklift. this
sideways movement creates a hazard, particularly for pedestrians.
When you turn a car around a corner the steering will self centre; on a forklift this will not occur. in fact
the turning circle may decrease, therefore, it is imperative that one hand be on the steering wheel at all
times and speeds be kept at a safe level.
if fitted with power steering, only turn the steering wheel when moving and never turn off the machine while
it is still moving. this can cause total loss of steering.

Forklift Attachments
These are the major attachments that can be used with a forklift and the conditions for use:
a jib
 a drum clamp
 a long spike.
the attachments must be the correct type for the forklift and the load to be lifted. Check the manufacturer's data plate to make
sure the attachments can be used.
Jibs
Forklift jibs are used to lift and position heavy loads in the same way cranes do.
Forklift Economy Jib Forklift Extension Jib Forklift Fixed Jib
Suitable for all styles of forklifts   Fully adjustable reach and height   Suitable for all styles of forklifts
500kgs SWL at 2800mm 1000kgs SWL at 1100mm 750kgs SWL at 1800mm
Note: the Safe Working Load (SWL) will vary according to forklift capacity, so you will need to check this before use.

Drum Clamp
the drum Clamp is used for lifting and emptying 250 litre drums.
the driver pulls the drum chord from the driver's seat to empty
the drum.
Spike
Spikes are used to extend the use of the forklift and are easily
fitted over standard forks.

Part 3: Forklift Safety
Forklift Speed
the speed at which you travel in a forklift is determined by:
The size of the load you are carrying. Heavier loads must be moved
 slowly.
The layout of the workplace. You must travel at a speed at which you
 can stop if there is pedestrian or other traffic crossing your path.
Speed restriction signs. Always keep to speeds that are indicated
 by signs or have been set down by company policy and procedures.

 Refuelling the Forklift
The refuelling of a forklift can be particularly dangerous. The fumes from Petrol and LPG are very explosive. All
refuelling must be carried out in a well ventilated area away from the chance of any sources of ignition occurring.
The engine must not be running during refuelling, as the fuel could be ignited.
If a fuel leak occurs or is suspected, immediately stop the machine, tag the area around the leak and report the
leak to the supervisor. The forklift must not be used until the leak is fixed.

Safe Working Practices
What should an operator do when operating the forklift?
Know the recommended load limit of the forklift and never exceed it.
Know how to assess the weight of the load to be lifted.
do a visual and operational check of the forklift at the start of the shift.
Check for adequate overhead clearance before raising the load.
Operate the equipment smoothly when stopping, starting, lifting and tilting.
Know the blind spots of the lift truck with and without a load.
Keep pedestrians away from a forklift in operation.
Stop when anyone crosses the route being travelled. Lower the load to the floor, and wait until clear.
Operate only as fast as conditions safely permit.
Wear leather gloves when moving or shifting loads.
Wear fully laced safety boots to give impact protection when moving loads or skids and to provide ankle support
when mounting and dismounting lift truck.
Remain alert and prepare for the unexpected.
Note anything that affects the normal operation of the forklift and tell the supervisor immediately.
Keep hands, arms, head, feet and legs inside the confines of a moving forklift.
Stay in the truck in case of overturn.
Report any collisions, damage or near-miss incidents to a supervisor immediately.

daily Pre-drive inspections
You should inspect the forklift truck every day before using or before each shift to make sure it is safe to be used.
You should carry out a visual check ("circle" check) before starting the forklift. After completing the visual pre-start check, you
should do an operational pre-start check.
The visual pre-use check:
General condition and cleanliness.
That the floor is clear of objects that could cause an accident.
that other workers or visitors in the area will be safe.
doorways are large enough to fit through.
Location of dangerous goods.
Other equipment working in the area.
Overhead to make sure there are no obstructions.
Nearby objects to avoid as you drive away.
Fire extinguisher is present and charged.
engine oil level, fuel level, radiator water level (LPG, gas and diesel forklifts).
Battery is fully charged; check cables for exposed wires; battery plug connections not loose, worn or dirty; vent caps not clogged;
electrolyte levels in cells; hold-downs or brackets to keep battery securely in place.
Bolts, nuts, guards, chains, or hydraulic hose reels are not damaged, missing or loose.
Wheels and tyres for wear, damage and air pressure, if pneumatic tyres.
Forks are not bent; no cracks present; positioning latches are in good working condition; carriage teeth not broken, chipped or
worn.
Chain anchor pins are not worn, loose or bent.

Fluid Leaks - no damp spots or drips.
Hoses are held securely; not loose, crimped, worn or rubbing.
Horn is working and loud enough to be heard in working environment; other warning devices
operational.
Lights - head lights and warning lights operational.
Where possible, any hazard should be removed and guards or barricades with appropriate safety
signs used to protect people from the hazard. Other measures that could be used include use of a flag
person to warn of dangers and control movement and use of the horn and other warning devices.

The pre-start check:
Foot Brake - that pedal holds and unit stops smoothly.
Parking Brake -that brake holds against slight acceleration.
deadman Seat Brake - that brake holds when operator rises from seat.
Clutch and Gearshift  - shifts smoothly with no jumping or jerking.
dash Control Panel - that all lights and gauges are operational.
Steering - moves smoothly.
Lift Mechanism - operates smoothly (check by raising forks to maximum height
then lowering forks completely).
tilt Mechanism - moves smoothly and holds (check by tilting mast all the way
forward and backward).
Cylinders and Hoses - not leaking after above checks.
Listen for any unusual sounds or noises.
After start up:
Check that all warning devices operate (horn, indicator lights, rear and brake lights and the reverse alarm).
Mast - check that the mast tilts forward and back correctly and that the mast extends.
Report any problem identified in daily check to the supervisor immediately.

Part 4: Forklift Operation
Mounting and dismounting
Mounting and dismounting are the major causes of personal injury, so you should:
Always use the hand holds and steps that have been provided by the manufacturer for safe entry and
 exit.
Keep three points of contact (both hands and one foot or both feet and one hand) at all times and
 always face the machine for safe entry or exit.
Do NOT use the controls as hand holds for entry or exit.
Do NOT jump on or off any machine. NEVER mount or dismount a moving machine.
Be careful when conditions are wet or slippery. Ensure all steps and platforms are free of mud
 and scrape boots before mounting the machine.

 Start-up Procedure
You should follow this procedure:
Seatbelt
Always be seated when starting the machine with seatbelt fastened.
Park Brake
Check that park brake is engaged.
Levers and Controls
Check that transmission control lever is in neutral position and safety locks on (if fitted)
and all attachment controls are in the neutral position.
Throttle Control
Check that the throttle control or accelerator pedal is pushed past any constriction that
may be fitted and is in the low idle position.
Starting the Engine
turn the ignition switch to start the engine. if it fails to start within approximately 10
seconds, allow the starter to cool down and try again. in cold conditions pre-heating may
be required (refer to operator's manual for procedures on using Glow Plugs on diesel
engines).

Gauges
Check all gauges for correct operation.
Warm up
Allow the engine and components to warm up to operating temperature for approximately 5
minutes before operating.
during this period operate all attachment controls checking for correct operation, unusual noises
and any vibrations.
Re-check all gauges, horn and warning lights for correct operation.
Safety Check
ensure that the area is clear of all personnel and equipment before moving.

Moving Procedure
Raise all lowered attachments just clear of the ground (200-300 mm).
Release park brake and select forward or reverse.
Check that the direction of travel is clear.
On entering or leaving a confined space, sound the warning device to warn any personnel of the machine movement.
test brakes and steering for correct operation before moving onto roadways and into operating cycles.
Maintaining Control When Travelling
tilt loads backwards.
travel with forks as low as possible from the floor and tilted back.
Match speed to driving, load and workplace conditions.
Obey posted traffic signs.
decrease speed at all corners, sound horn and watch the swing of both the
rear of the lift truck and the load.
Watch for pedestrians.
Avoid sudden stops.
travel in reverse when a load blocks your vision and always look in the
direction of travel.
Check for adequate overhead clearance when entering an area or when
raising the forks.
Watch out for the following dangers on the floor or roadway: oil spots, wet spots, loose objects, holes, rough surfaces, people
and other vehicles.
Maintain a safe working limit from all overhead power lines.

Steering the Machine to Maintain Control
You will need to do the following to make sure you can keep
control of the forklift:
the load should be carried by the front wheels.
turn with the rear wheels.
do not turn a lift truck steering wheel sharply at fast
speeds.
do not overload a lift truck. it can cause a loss of
steering control.
do not add extra weight to a counterweight to improve
steering.
Maintaining Control When Driving in Reverse
Follow this procedure:
Face the rear.
Sound horn before moving.
Go slowly.
Stop when vision is limited or blocked. Sound the horn
and go slowly.
You will need to practice driving the forklift using the steps
as set out above. Allow as much practice as is necessary
to ensure you can competently operate the forklift before
attempting loading and un-loading.

Parking the Machine
Park on level ground.
Keep well clear of emergency exits and allow clear access to fire fighting equipment and refuelling points.
Lower all raised attachments making sure that the forktips are touching the ground.
Place all attachment control levers in the neutral or hold position.
Do not allow lift chains to go slack, as they may jump clear of the top carrier rollers.
Place the transmission and forward reverse levers into the neutral position and apply any safety locks.
Apply park brake.
If it is an LPG powered forklift, turn off the fuel isolating valve as this prevents a build up of explosive gases prior to starting up
again.

Loading the Forklift Truck
The most important safety
consideration when operating a
forklift is the stability of the forklift
when it is loaded.
If the load on the forklift causes it to
become unstable, it may tip forward
or tip sideways.
It is essential that the load on the
pallet is stable and well stacked
before it is lifted and moved.
Make sure the pallet is in good order.
Broken pallets should not be used. The load may need to be
restacked if the pallet is broken or appears unsafely loaded.
The load should have a centre of gravity that is:
 low as possible in the load
 towards the back of the load
 centred across the load.
To make sure that the load is stable, heavy objects should be
placed at the bottom of the load and to the rear of the load.
Use strapping to secure the load if there is a chance of objects
falling off.
No part of the load should extend beyond the back rest of
the carriage, unless it cannot possibly slide back towards the
driver.

Tilting Masts
Most forklifts with extendable masts will be able to tilt the mast back:
By tilting the mast back, the combined centre of gravity is moved away from the front axles and back inside the stability triangle.
thus tilting the mast of the forklift back improves the stability of the forklift.
the mast should only be tilted forward when required to place fork arms under loads or move out from beneath loads that have
just been placed or when placing a load on a stack.
Do not exceed the recommended load limit of your lift truck. Each lift
truck has a maximum load limit. The load limit is shown on the data
plate of the lift truck.
Keep the mast of the forklift in an upright position before inserting the forks into a pallet.
Level the fork before inserting it into the pallet.
insert the fork all the way under the load.
Adjust the fork as wide as possible to fit the load and to provide a more even distribution
of weight.
Space the fork evenly from the centre stringer of the pallet to balance the load.
do not protrude the fork past the back of a pallet when stacking in tight areas.
ensure that the load is secured before moving. if it is not, stack the load again or strap
the load to skid.
ensure that loads on pallets are stable, neat, cross-tied if possible and evenly
distributed.
Remove damaged pallets from service.

Raising the Load
When a load is raised, the forklift is less stable.
Check that the overhead clearance is adequate before raising loads.
do not raise or lower the fork unless the forklift is stopped and braked.
Lift loads straight up or tilt back slightly.
do not lift a load that extends above the load backrest, unless no part of the load can possibly slide back
toward the operator.
Attend the controls of the forklift truck when a load is elevated. in other words, the operator must stay on
the forklift when the load is in a raised position.
Transporting a Load
You should:
travel at an appropriate speed,
remember it takes time to stop a
loaded forklift.
do not turn on a slope, as you
may over balance.
do not stop abruptly as the load
may shift.
do not drive over uneven ground.

Loading or Unloading Using a Forklift on Inclines
You should:
Keep forks pointed downhill when travelling without a load on a ramp.
Keep forks pointed uphill when travelling with a load on a ramp.
Stay clear of edges of docks or ramps. Have edges clearly marked.
do not tow or push trucks with a forklift.

Loading or Unloading Trucks
do not operate forklifts inside vehicles for long periods without ventilation.
Make sure that the dock plate is properly secured and can support the load before driving
over it. (Load weight should be clearly marked.)
drive carefully and slowly over the plate. do not spin wheels.
What Should an Operator Avoid When Operating a Forklift?
The operator should avoid:
Trying to move or adjust any part of the load, the forklift or the surroundings when on the
 forklift.
Lifting a load that extends above the load backrest, unless no part of the load can possibly slide
 back toward the operator.
Allowing anyone but the operator to ride on the forklift.
using pallets elevated by forklifts as an improvised working platform.
Allowing anyone to stand or walk under the elevated part of any forklift, whether loaded or unloaded.

using Attachments
Jibs
When using a jib attachment, you must:
travel at low speed and turn slowly.
Keep the load as low as possible and the jib as low as possible and on full back tilt.
Allow for the weight of the jib by using the forklift as if it has a small load, even when there is no load on the jib.
Always have the mast vertical or tilted back when lifting loads with a jib, never use forward tilt.
ensure that the hook is directly centred over the load before lifting to ensure that stability is unaffected.
Make sure that the lifting hook on the jib is able to swivel.
use positive methods for securing the load (for example shackles, slings or lifting chains attached to the load so that it cannot
slip).
The Safe Working Load (SWL) will be marked at each hook position on a jib attachment.
Slings and Lifting Rings
You will need to note the following important considerations in using lifting slings and rings:
Slings and lifting rings must have an equal lifting capacity (SWL).
Slings should always be checked before use for damage.
Make sure that shackles are in good condition. if there appears to be more than 10% wear, the shackle should be thrown away.

Causes of Tipping
The following situations can cause forklifts to tip over:
driving fast
turning sharply
turning on sloping ground
travelling with load raised
working on uneven or sloping ground
carrying an unevenly balanced load
travelling across an incline
braking too hard when turning
flat or under inflated tyres.
A forklift may tip forward if:
it is overloaded
the operator brakes too severely
the mast tilt is used incorrectly
the load is not positioned against the heel of the fork arms.

Safety Facts
You will need to understand the following important facts:
The most common cause of death and injury in forklift accidents is when drivers attempt to jump from an overturning forklift.
Often the driver is caught and crushed by the protective cage of the forklift or the forklift mast.
Forklifts should be fitted with a seat belt and the driver should wear it while operating the forklift.
Do not try to jump clear of an overturning forklift. The safest place is to remain inside the cabin.
Passengers should never be carried on the fork arms or on the load. Passengers should only be carried in a purpose built cage
firmly attached to the forks.
A passenger should only be carried in the driving area if a second seat and footrest is fitted.
The dynamic forces involved when a forklift travels at speed with a load, mean that small changes in direction or level of the
forklift can cause the centre of balance to move and unbalance the forklift.
When travelling with a load, travel at a safe speed with the load as low as possible.
Stopping a forklift. It has been calculated that it takes about 1.2 m for each 5 kph to stop a forklift under emergency conditions.
It takes about 0.75 seconds for a person to react to a danger. In this time a forklift travelling at 20 kph will travel a distance of 4.2
m.
A forklift travelling at 20 kph will require at least 9 metres to stop in an emergency situation.
If a load is added to the forklift then the stopping distances will be greatly increased. Doubling the mass of the forklift will
require twice the stopping distance.
